2020-10-16 Riddler Classic
==========================
First consider one other contestant.  If the initial guess is g, then
g+\epsilon will win if the price is higher than g, and anything from 0 to
g-\epsilon will win if the price is lower than g, so the best initial
guess is 50 to have a 50% chance of winning.

If there are two other contestants, then 50 is a bad initial guess, since
the other two guesses would be 50+\epsilon and 50-\epsilon.

So let g be the initial guess and consider what the second guess should
be.  If the second guess is what takes the larger portion of g+\epsilon
and g-\epsilon, then the third guess would be g+2\epsilon or g-2\epsilon,
so that would be a bad choice.  If it is what takes the smaller portion
of g+\epsilon and g-\epsilon, the third guess would be the other, so the
initial guess needs to enable the second guess to claim a range bigger
than the smaller of g and 100-g.

If g is close to 50, then the second guess should be g+\epsilon or
g-\epsilon, whichever claims the smaller range, and the third guess will
take the other, leaving the first guesser an infinitesimal chance of
winning.

If g is close to 100, then the second guess should be g/2, and g = 66 2/3
is the boundary between maximizing the first guessers chance and the first
guesser having an infinitesimal chance of winning.

If g is close to 0, then the second guess should be greater than 50+g/2,
otherwise the third guess would be 50+g/2+\epsilon, leaving the second
guesser an infinitesimal chance of winning.  And g = 33 1/3 is the
boundary between maximizing the first guessers chance and the first
guesser having an infinitesimal chance of winning.

So the first guess should be either 66 2/3+\epsilon or 33 1/3-\epsilon.
