2020-07-17 Riddler Classic
==========================
I assume that the road stretches uniformly at the end of each minute.
Presumably, the finish line does not move as the road stretches, as, if it
did, it would recede from the start line at an average of 600 mph, which
neither the tortoise or hare could ever catch.

After _n_ minutes, the length of the road is _l<sub>n</sub> = 10 + 10n_ miles.

After _n_ minutes, the distance the tortoise traveled is
_t<sub>n</sub> = _(t<sub>n-1</sub> + 1)f<sub>n</sub>,
where _f<sub>n</sub> = l<sub>n</sub>/l<sub>n-1</sub>_ is the stretch factor.

Tabulating the tortoise distances

|_n_|_f_|_t_    |
|---|---|-------|
|0  |   |0      |
|1  |2  |2      |
|2  |3/2|9/2    |
|3  |4/3|22/3   |
|4  |5/4|125/12 |

So the tortoise will cross the finish line during the stretch at 4 minutes.

So, just before the stretch at 4 minutes, the hare needs to have gone at
least 8 miles.

That means the hare must have gone at least 6 3/4 miles or 27/4 miles just
after the stretch at 3 minutes, or 81/16 miles just before the stretch.

That means the hare must have gone at least 61/16 miles just after the stretch
at 2 minutes, or 61/24 miles just before the stretch.

That means the hare must have gone at least 31/24 just after the stretch at
1 minute, or 31/48 miles just before the stretch.

That means the hare must been going for at least 31 seconds before the first
stretch.

So the hare should have started going no more than 29 seconds after the
tortoise started.

A similar calculation for the hare to exactly catch the tortoise at 25/3
miles just before the stretch at 4 minutes shows that the hare needed to
have started 25 seconds after the tortoise started.
