2020-07-24 Riddler Classic
==========================
Based on the animation, I will make calculations that assume the radius of
the pinball is zero.

There are two relevant ways to end bouncing: either the ball ends up going
left or ends up going right.  The most bounces comes from is the point between
ending up going left or ending up going right, so I'll do a bisection
search, since I know that 0.75 ends up going right and 0.9 ends up going
left.

There is a second solution of aiming to the right of $x = 2 - 2\sqrt 3$,
which would hit the circle first.  Aiming on the left edge of this range,
the ball would graze the circle, bounce off the wall, then end up going
down and right.  Aiming to the extreme right, the ball would bounce off
the circle once and eventually bounce off the wall, ending up going down
and left.

Once the ball is right of the center of the circle, the ball will end up
going right, so the calculation of which direction the ball will end up
going can be short-circuited.  Similarly, if the ball is going left while
left of the center of the circle, the ball will end up going left.  The
calculation only needs to continue as long as the ball is going right and
is left of the center of the circle for the purposes of finding the best
$x$.

If the initial target is $x_0$, then the angle of the initial
trajectory from vertical is $\theta_0 = arctan\frac{2-x_0}2$

Let the center of the circle be the origin.
The initial trajectory of the ball is

$x = -2 + tsin\theta_0$

$y = tcos\theta_0$

If the initial trajectory hits the circle, it would be at
$x^2 + y^2 = 1$ or
$4 - 4tsin\theta_0 + t^2 = 1$.

This has real roots when $16sin^2\theta_0 - 12 \ge 0$, or when
$\theta_0 \ge \pi/3$ or $x \le 2 - 2\sqrt 3 \approx -1.46$.

Solving for the smaller positive real root in the equation for $t$ and
plugging it in gives the location of the bounce, $x_1$, $y_1$.

The angle from horizontal of the axis of reflection is
$\alpha_1 = arctan\frac{y_1}{-x_1}$.  Note that $0 \le \alpha_1 \le \pi/3$.

After the bounce, the angle of trajectory is $\theta_1 = 2\alpha_1 - \theta_0$.
Note that $-\pi/2 \le \theta_1 \le \pi/3$.

The trajectory after the bounce is

$x = x_1 + tsin\theta_1$

$y = y_1 + tcos\theta_1$

Solving for $t$ when $y = 2$ and plugging it in gives $x_2$, the location
of the bounce off the wall with angle of trajectory $\theta_2 = \theta_1$.

If the initial trajectory does not hit the circle, then the location of
the bounce off the wall is $x_2 = x_0$ with angle of trajectory
$\theta_2 = \theta_0$.

After bouncing off the wall, the trajectory is

$x = x_2 + tsin\theta_2$

$y = 2 - tcos\theta_2$

If $\theta_2 < 0$, the ball will end up going off to the left.

The ball will hit the circle at $x^2 + y^2 = 1$, which is when

$x_2^2 + 3 + 2x_2tsin\theta_2 - 4tcos\theta_2 + t^2 = 0$

There are real roots when
$(2x_2sin\theta_2 - 4cos\theta_2)^2 - 12 - 4x_2^2 \ge 0$.

If there are no real roots, the ball misses the circle and is done bouncing.

Solving for the smaller positive real root for $t$ and plugging it in gives
the location of the bounce, $x_3$, $y_3$.  Note that $-1 \le x_3 \le 1$ and
$0 \le y_3 \le 1$.

If $x_3 \ge 0$, the ball end up will going off to the right.  Otherwise, the
angle from horizontal of the axis of relection is
$\alpha_3 = arctan \frac{y_3}{-x_3}$.  Note that $0 \le \alpha_3 \le \pi/2$.

After the bounce, the angle of trajectory is
$\theta_3 = 2\alpha_3 + \theta_2 - \pi$.

If $\theta_3 \le -\pi/2$, the ball will not hit the wall again.
If $\theta_3 \le 0$, the ball will end up going left.

Otherwise, iterate the calculation.

Using [code](20200724c.hs) to do bisection, one solution is approximately
0.8224863249433901.  The other solution, which is hitting the circle first is
approximately -1.878601012809615.
