2024-04-12 Fiddler
==================
One ellipse must cover at least half of the circle.  The circle does not
necessarily need to be divided along a diameter, but I don't see how
anything else would allow a smaller ellipse.  A disjoint half of the circle
would certainly waste lots of ellipse area.  An ellipse with half the area
of the circle cut out of the circle would minimize the area needed to
cover one of the halves, but the other half would need the original circle
to be covered.

Consider a semicircle, $x^2 + y^2 \le 1$, where $y \ge 0$, covered by an
ellipse $x^2/a^2 + (y-h)^2/b^2 \le 1$, which has area $\pi ab$.

Considering $y = 0$, $1/a^2 + h^2/b^2 = 1$ to barely cover the cusps.

Considering $x = 0$, $(1-h)^2/b^2 = 1$ to barely cover the apex.

That makes $b = 1-h$, $a = (1-h)/\sqrt{1-2h}$, so the area of the ellipse
is $\pi(1-h)^2/\sqrt{1-2h}$.

Minimizing gives $h = 1/3$,
so the area is $\frac{4\pi\sqrt3}{9} \approx 0.77\pi$.

Extra credit
------------
One ellipse must cover at least $1/N$ of the circle.  I'll rule out asymmetric
and disjoint divisions of the circle into $N$ pieces to be covered.

Consider a sector of the circle where $x^2 + y^2 \le 1$, where $y > 0$ and
$x/y \le \tan{pi/N}$, covered by an ellipse $x^2/a^2 + (y-h)^2/b^2 \le 1$,
which has area $\pi ab$.

To cover the circle center, $h \le b$.

To barely cover the cusps, $sin^2(\pi/N)/a^2 + (cos(\pi/N)-h)^2/b^2 = 1$.

To cover the apex, $(1-h)^2/b^2 \le 1$.

It seems to me that it's better for the ellipse to be elongated vertically
than horizontally, so one end of the ellipse should be at the circle center,
or $b = h$.  To cover the apex, $h \ge 1/2$.

That makes $a = h\sin(\pi/N)/\sqrt{\cos(\pi/N)(2h-\cos(\pi/N))}$, and the
area of the ellipse is $\pi h^2\sin(\pi/N)/\sqrt{\cos(\pi/N)(2h-\cos(\pi/N))}$.

Minimizing with respect to $h$ gives $h = 2\cos(\pi/N)/3$, which satisfies
$h \ge 1/2$ for $N > 4$, covering the apex.  For $N = 3$, and $N = 4$, the
ellipse must be elongated horizontally, which also applies when $N = 2$.

For $N > 4$, the area is
$\pi 4\sqrt{3}\cos(\pi/N)\sin(\pi/N))/9 = 2\pi\sqrt3\sin(2\pi/N)/9$.

For $N \le 4$, $b = 1-h$, and, to cover the circle center, $h \le 1/2$.

That makes $a = (1-h)\sin(\pi/N)/\sqrt{\sin^2(\pi/N) - 2h(1-\cos(\pi/N))}$, and
the area is $\pi(1-h)^2\sin(\pi/N)/\sqrt{\sin^2(\pi/N) - 2h(1-\cos(\pi/N))}$.

Minimizing with respect to $h$,
$h = (1 + \cos(\pi/N) - 2\cos^2(\pi/N))/(3-3\cos(\pi/N))$,
and the area is $4\pi\sqrt3(1 - \cos(\pi/N))/9$.

This agrees with the previous calculation when $N = 2$.  However, there
is something wrong with it, because this says the area when $N=4$ is less
than $\pi/4$.
