2024-03-15 Fiddler
==================
I'll assume the pizza is infinitely thin.

For a lower bound, the area that needs to be covered is 50√3 square inches.

For an upper bound, take a 10×10√3 or a 20×5√3, folded in half, for 100√3
square inches.

Align a 10 inch edge of a 10×5√3 rectangle along one edge of the triangle,
fully covering one side.  Folding along the remaining edges leaves an
isosceles triangle with sides 10/√3,  10/√3, and 10, with area 50√3 uncovered.

One way to cover the remaining area would be to extend the aligned edge by
5/√3, making the rectangle 10×20/√3, 200/√3 square inches.

Extending an edge adjacent to the aligned edge would lessen the amount the
aligned edge would need to be exended.

Extending an edge by 5 or both adjacent edges by 5/2 would make extending
the aligned edge unnecessary, making the rectangle 15×5√3 for 75√3 > 200/√3.

Extending one of the adjacent edges by 5/2 means extending the aligned edge
by 5/(2√3), making the rectangle (10+5/2)×(5√3+5/(2√3))
for 875/(126√3) > 200/√3.

Extending one of the adjacent edges by $x$ means extending the aligned edge
by $(5-x)/\sqrt3$, making the rectangle $(10+x)×(5\sqrt3+(5-x)/\sqrt3) = 50\sqrt3 + 50/\sqrt3 + 5x\sqrt3 + 5x/\sqrt3 - x^2/\sqrt3 = (200 + 20x - x^2)\sqrt3$,
which is minimized at $x = 0$ for $0 \le x \le 5$.

So I think the minimum rectangle is 10×20/√3, or 200/√3≈115.47 square inches,
but there could be ways of orienting a smaller rectangle differently that
would cover the pizza.

Reconsidering, consider a long strip with width $w$ and a triangle with side
length $l$.  Covering one side along an edge uses $l$ of the strip.  Doing
two folds at a vertex triple covers the triangle with side length $2w/\sqrt3$
at the vertex.  Using another $l$ of the strip covers along another edge.
Repeating the process at the next vertex, we can then use $l-2w/\sqrt3$ to
cover along the remaining edge.  Then, we need to use $2w/\sqrt3$ to be in
position to repeat the process on the remaining triangle with side length
$l - 4w/\sqrt3$.

The last triangle would have side length $l = 4w/\sqrt3$ and only need $2l$
of the strip to be covered.

We also need to do the same thing on the opposite side after folding twice at
the other vertex of the original triangle, where one of the folds encloses
the slice, which just doubles the length needed.

Consider a strip of width $l\sqrt3/2$.  It requires a length $l$ to cover one
side and $2l$ to cover both sides for an area of $l^2\sqrt3$.

Next consider strip of width $l\sqrt3/4$.  It'll require length $2l$ to cover
one side, using $l^2\sqrt3/2$ of foil to cover $l^2\sqrt3/4$, though some
of the excess could be used to cover the opposite side, but a half of the
triangle must be double covered, with half of that possibly triple covered.
To cover both sides, it takes length $4l$ making it an area of $l^2\sqrt3$,
no improvement.

Then, consider a strip of width $w = l\sqrt3/4n$.  The first perimeter will
need $3l$.  The next ones will need $3l(1-1/n)$, $3l(1-2/n)$, $3l(1-3/n)$,
up to $3l(2/n)$, and the last triangle will need $2l/n$, and none of the
excess from the last triangle can reach the other side for $n>1$.
This makes the length $3l(n - (n+1)/2) - l = 3l(n - 1)/2 - l$.  For large
$n$, that makes the area of the strip $3l^2\sqrt3/4$.  For the 10 inch
triangle, the area of the strip is 75√3≈129.9 > 200/√3.

Extra credit
------------
Since overlapping the slices by putting the crust sides together
is undoubtedly cheating, put the slices together to make a rhombus.

The total area that needs to be covered is 100√3 square inches.

Start with a 15×5√3 rectangle aligned along two of opposite edges of the
rhombus completely covering one side, then fold along the remaining edges of
the rhombus covering half of the opposite side.

Then, the aligned edges would have to be extended by 5/(2√3) to cover the
remaining area, which means a 15×10√3, or 150√3 square inches, which does
not take advantage of the folds only the remaining edges.

Extending the non-aligned edges by 5 inches each means extending the aligned
edges is unnecessary, meaning 25×5√3, or 125√3 square inches.

Extending the non-aligned edges by $x$ means the aligned edges need to be
extended by ((5-x)√3)/2, making the rectangle $(15+2x)×(10-x)\sqrt3 = (150+5x-2x^2)\sqrt3$
which is minimized at $x = 5$ for $0 \le x \le 5$.

So I think the minimum rectangle is 25×5√3, or 125√3≈216.51 square inches.
