2024-06-28 Fiddler
==================
After the second sock, the chance is 1/9.

After the third sock, the chance that the second sock didn't match the
first is 8/9, so the chance is 8/9⋅2/8=2/9.

After the fourth sock, the chance that there were no previous pairs is
1-1/9-2/9=2/3, so the chance is 2/3⋅3/7=2/7.

After the fifth sock, the chance that there were no previous pairs is
1-1/9-2/9-2/7=8/21, so the chance is 8/21⋅4/6=16/63.

After the sixth sock, the chance that there were no previous pairs is
1-1/9-2/9-2/7-16/63=8/63, so the chance is 8/63⋅3/3=8/63.

Since 2/7=18/63 > 16/63 gives the greatest chance, I should draw four socks.

Extra credit
------------
There are a total of $(2N)!/2^N$ ways to draw all the socks.

There are $2N\cdot(2N-2)\cdot(2N-4)\cdot(2N-6)\cdot \ldots \cdot(2N-2(n-1))
  = N!2^n/(N-n)!$ ways to draw $n$ socks without drawing any pairs.

The number of ways to draw the remaining socks, which contain $N$ pairs,
is $(2N-n)!/2^N$.

So the probability of drawing no pairs in the first $n$ socks is

$$ \frac{N!2^n(2N-n)!}{(N-n)!(2N)!} $$

Then, the probability the that $n+1$-th sock makes the first pair is
$n/(2N-n)$.

So the probability that the $n+1$-th sock is the first pair is

$$ \frac{N!2^n(2N-n)!n}{(N-n)!(2N)!(2N-n)}
  = \frac{2^nnN!(2N-n-1)!}{(N-n)!(2N)!}
$$

Turn it into a continuous function of $n$ by replacing the factorials
with gamma functions.

$$ \frac{2^nnN!\Gamma(2N-n)!}{\Gamma(N-n)(2N)!} $$

Using Wolfram Alpha to take the derivative with respect to $n$,

$$ \frac{2^nN!\Gamma(2N-n)(n\psi^{(0)}(N-n)-n\psi^{(0)}(2N-n) + n\ln2 + 1)}
   {(2N)!\Gamma(N-n)} $$

Any extremum would have

$$ n(\psi^{(0)}(N-n) - \psi^{(0)}(2N-n) + \ln2) + 1 = 0 $$

Then, using $\psi^{(0)}(z) \approx \ln z - 1/2z$ for large $z$,

$$ n(\ln(N-n) - 1/(2(N-n)) - \ln(2N-n) + 1/(2(2N-n)) + \ln2) \approx -1 $$

Assuming $N \gg n \gg 1$ and approximating the logs as
$\ln(N-n) \approx \ln N - n/N$,

$$ n(\ln N - n/N - \ln(2N) + n/2N + \ln2) \approx -1 $$

giving $n \approx \sqrt{2N}$.

[Code](20240628.hs) confirms the approximation.
[Simulations](20240628.go) agree with the probability calculations.
