2024-01-26 Fiddler
==================
Going the shortest distance means going 2√2 cm at 0.9 cm/minute,
which means taking about 3.1427 minutes.

Minimizing the black means going 2 cm at 0.9 cm/minute, and √2 cm at
1 cm/minute, which means taking about 3.6364 minutes.

Let $s = 1/0.9$.  Take a path from the start to $x$ below the center,
then to $x$ right of the center, then to the finish.  Then,

$$ t = 2s\sqrt{1 + (1-x)^2} + x\sqrt2 $$

which is minimized when $x \approx 0.1750$ at $t \approx 3.1284$.

This is a refraction problem
----------------------------
Using Snell's law, let $\theta_1$ be the initial angle of travel,
then $s\sin\theta_1 = \sin\theta_2$ and
$\sin(\pi/2-\theta_2) = s\sin(\pi/2-\theta_3)$.

$$ 1 - x_1 = \tan\theta_1 $$

$$ x_2/x_1 = \tan\theta_2 $$

$$ x_3/(1-x_2) = \tan\theta_3 $$

$$ t = s\sqrt{1 + (1-x_1)^2} + \sqrt{x_1^2 + x_2^2} + s\sqrt{x_3^2 + (1-x_2)^2} $$

Want $x_3 = 1$ to end at the finish.

Solving [numerically](20240126.hs) gives the same result
of $x \approx 0.1750$ and $t \approx 3.1284$.

Extra credit
------------
Using the above solution 4 times gives a time of about 12.5136.

Going the shortest distance gives a time of 8√2/0.9, about 12.5708.

Minimizing the black gives a time of 2/0.9 + 7√2, about 12.1217.

Using Snell's law for the fastest path to the upper right corner of a white
square closest the the start then adding 5√2 gives a time of about 11.7900.

Using Snell's law for the fastest path to the upper right corner of a
white square that is (2,3) from the start then adding 3√2 gives a time
of about 11.7881.

Using Snell's law for the fastest path to the upper right corner of a
white square that is (3,4) from the start does not find a faster path
than going to the the upper right corner of a white square that is (2,3)
away from the start then adding √2.
