2024-07-05 Fiddler
==================
I can see the rightmost 1/2 meter of the bottom wall without the mirror, but
points along the bottom wall further to the left require the mirror.  The
other key point is the upper right corner of the corridor.

Let $d = L/\sqrt2$ be the distance between an edge of the mirror and the
lower right corner of the turn.

Let the lower right corner be the origin, so that my position is $x = 1/2$
and $y = 2$.

When looking at the upper right edge of the mirror, my line of sight is
$y = 2(2-d)x + d$.  The reflected line of sight is $y = x/(4-2d) + d$.
When $x = 1$, the reflected line of sight is at $y = 1/(4-2d) + d$.
For $y = 1$, the upper right corner of the corridor, $2d^2-6d+3=0$.
Solutions are $3/2\pm\sqrt{3/4}$.  Picking the root that is less than
1, that gives $d = (3-\sqrt3)/2$, so $L = (3-\sqrt3)/\sqrt2$ is the
minimum size of the mirror to see the upper right corner of the corridor.
Larger mirrors will allow me to see the reflection of the lower left wall
that I can already see without the mirror.

An infinitesmally small mirror will allow me to see the upper wall at
$x = 4$, or 3 from the corner.  A mirror where $d < 1/2$, or $L < 1/\sqrt2$,
will only allow me to see a finite ways along the corridor, and none of the
points along the lower wall.

Consider looking from $x = 3/2$, $y = 0$, where the line of sight is
$y = -cx + 3c/2$.  The mirror is $y = -x + d$, so the line of sight hits
the mirror at $(1-c)x + 3c/2-d = 0$, $x = (2d-3c)/(2-2c)$,
$y = (3-2d)c/(2-2c)$, and the reflected line of sight is
$y = (3-2d)c/(2-2c) + (x-(2d-3c)/(2-2c))/c$.  For it to be my line of sight,
plug in $x = 1/2$, $y = 2$, giving $(7-2d)c^2 - 2c + 1-2d = 0$.
Solving, $c = (1 \pm \sqrt{1 - (7-2d)(1-2d)})/(7-2d)$, which has real roots
when $1 - (7-2d)(1-2d) \ge 0$, or $2-\sqrt{5/2} \le d \le 2+\sqrt{5/2}$,
so the lower limit is $L \ge 2\sqrt2 - \sqrt5$.

So there are 3 lower limits.  To see infinitely to the left, $L \ge 1/2$.
To see the upper left corner $L \ge (3-\sqrt3)/\sqrt2 \approx 0.897$.
To see the lower right point just hidden by the corner,
$L \ge 2\sqrt2 - \sqrt5 \approx 0.592$.

That means, so see the entire corridor, the minumum $L = (3-\sqrt3)/\sqrt2$.
