2021-04-02 Riddler Classic
==========================
Arbitrarily say the first answer is true due to symmetry.

The possible sequence of answers are
* ttft
* ttff
* tftt
* tftf
* tfft

If the first two answers are the same, betting everything on the third
question doubles the money.

If the first two answers are different, we can be sure that the
last two are not both the same as the second answer.  If the third answer
is different than the second answer, then fourth answer could be either.
If the third answer is the same as the second answer, betting everything
that remains on the fourth answer doubles that.  So if the first two
answers are different, betting 1/3 on that the third answer is different
than the second answer can guarantee winning 1/3.

Exploiting the difference between winning 1 when the second answer is
the same as the first and winning 1/3 when the second answer is different
that the first, betting b that the second answer is different than the first
means ending up with either 2(1-b) or 4(1+b)/3.  So b = 1/5 to maximize the
guaranteed winnings, which is 3/5, or $0.60.

Extra credit
------------
In general, if the next answer is true leads to a guaranteed winning factor
of f_t, and if the next answer is false leads to a guaranteed winning factor
of f_f, then the betting fraction b that the next answer is true means
ending up with f_t(1+b) or f_f(1-b), which means b = (f_f-f_t)/(f_f+f_t).
(If f_f < f_t, then the betting fraction should be -b that the next answer
is false.)  The guaranteed winning factor is 2f_tf_b/(f_f+f_t).

If the last Q-1 answers were the same and there are remaining bets,
then the betting fraction should be 1 that the next answer is different
and the guaranteed winning factor is 2 times the winning factor of the
subsequent remaining bets.

If the last m answers were the same and there are fewer than Q-m bets
remaining, the betting fraction should be 0 and the guaranteed winning factor
is 1.

If the last Q-2 answers were the same, and there are at least 2 remaining bets,
but less than Q remaining bets, then the guaranteed winning factors are 2
and 1, and the betting fraction should be 1/3, and the guaranteed winning
factor is 4/3.

If the last Q-3 answers were the same, and there are at least 3 remaining bets,
but less than Q remaining bets, then the guaranteed winning factors are 4/3
and 1, and the betting fraction should be 1/7, and the guaranteed winning
factor is 8/7.

If the last Q-4 answers were the same, and there are at least 4 remaining bets,
but less than Q remaining bets, then the guaranteed winning factors are 8/7
and 1, and the betting fraction should be 1/15, and the guaranteed winning
factor is 16/15.

If the last Q-5 answers were the same, and there are at least 5 remaining bets,
but less than Q remaining bets, then the guaranteed winning factors are 16/15
and 1, and the betting fraction should be 1/31, and the guaranteed winning
factor is 32/31.

Induction to when the previous answer was not the same as its predecessor and
there are Q-1 remaining bets, the guaranteed winning factor is
2^{Q-1}/(2^{Q-1}-1).

If N < Q, then the guaranteed winning factor is 1, and the guaranteed winnings
is 0.

If N = Q, then the guaranteed winning factor is 2^{Q-1}/(2^{Q-1}-1) and the
guaranteed winnings is 1/(2^{Q-1}-1).

If N = Q+1, then if the first two answers are different, the guaranteed winning
factor is the N=Q case, 2^{Q-1}/(2^{Q-1}-1).  If the first two answers are the
same, then it's 2^{Q-2}/(2^{Q-2}-1).  The guaranteed winning factor is
2^{1+Q-1+Q-2}/(2^{Q-1}(2^{Q-2}-1)+2^Q{Q-2}(2^{Q-1}-1)) =
2^Q/(2(2^{Q-2}-1)+(2^{Q-1}-1)) = 2^Q/(2^Q-3).

If N = Q+2 and N < 2Q, then if the first two answers are different, the
guaranteed winning factor is the N=Q+1 case, 2^Q/(2^Q-3).  If the first
two answers are the same, and the third answer is different, then it's
the N=Q case, 2^{Q-1}/(2^{Q-1}-1).  If the first three answers are the
same, then it's 2^{Q-3}/(2^{Q-3}-1).  That means the guaranteed winning factor
when the first two answers are the same is
2^{1+Q-1+Q-3}/(2^{Q-1}(2^{Q-3}-1) + 2^{Q-3}(2^{Q-1}-1)) =
2^Q/(4(2^{Q-3}-1) + (2^{Q-1} - 1)) = 2^Q/(2^Q-5), which makes the guaranteed
winning factor for N=Q+2
2^{1+Q+Q}/(2^Q(2^Q-5)+2^Q(2^Q-3)) = 2^{1+Q}/(2^{1+Q} - 8).

I don't have the insight on how to deal with the increasing complexity so
I give up for now.
