2021-04-23 Riddler Express
==========================
I think it's pretty clear that three corners get one cut and one corner
gets two cuts rather than having any corner getting no cuts.

Let the origin be the center of the circle, and consider cuts of the upper
right corner.

For one-cut corners, let the cut be along the line y = -ax + b.

The line intersects the square at (1,-a+b) and ((b-1)/a,1), so the area
of the cut off triangle is (a-b+1)^2/2a.

To maximize the area of the triangle,
2(a-b+1)(1-db/da)/2a-(a-b+1)^2/2a^2 = 0, or
db/da = (a+b-1)/2a.

The distance from the line to the center of the circle is \sqrt{x^2+y^2} =
\sqrt{(1+a^2)x^2 - 2abx + b^2}, which is minimum at 2(1+a^2)x - 2ab = 0,
or x = ab/(1+a^2).

To be tangent to the circle, x^2+y^2 = 1 at the tangent point, or
b = \sqrt{1+a^2}.

That means db/da = a/\sqrt{1+a^2}.

Combined with maximizing the triangle,

a/\sqrt{1+a^2} = (a+b-1)/2a

Intuition suggests considering a = 1 and b = \sqrt2, which satisfies this.

So the area of each of the three one-cut triangles are (2-\sqrt2)^2/2.

If given only 4 cuts, the area of the pancake would be 4 - 2(2-\sqrt2)^2,
or approximately 3.3137, which is an upper bound.

The upper bound for the area cut out from the 2 cut corner is
1 - pi/4, which is approximately 0.2146.

For the two-cut corner, let the cuts be y = -ax + b and y = -cx + d.

The cuts intersect at ((b-d)/(a-c),(ad-bc)/(a-c)).

Intuitively, I'd expect c = 1/a and d = b/a to maximize the area being cut
out due to symmetry.  Then, the cuts intersect at
((b-b/a)/(a-1/a),(b-b/a)/(a-1/a)).

The cut out area can be divided into a square and two triangles.

The area of the square is (1 - (b-b/a)/(a-1/a))^2.

Let a < 1, then the area of the two triangles combine to
(1 - (b-b/a)/(a-1/a))((b-b/a)/(a-1/a) - (b-1)/a).

For the cuts to be tangent to the circle, b = \sqrt{1+a^2}.

Numerically, I find the approximate maximum area at a = 0.57735 to be
0.19615.

That gives pancake area to be approximately
4 - 3(2-\sqrt2)^2/2 - 0.19615 = 3.2891.

However, there could be two asymmetric maximum areas that are greater than
0.19615 and less than 0.2146, where the symmetry is satisfied by having
two solutions, where c_1 = 1/a_2 and d_1 = b_2/a_2
and c_2 = 1/a_1 and d_2 = b_1/a_1.

Then, the cut out area can be divided into a rectangle and two triangles.

The area of the rectangle is (1-(b-d)/(a-c))(1-(ad-bc)/(a-c)).

Let a < c.  The vertices of the triangle to the left of the rectangle are
((b-d)/(a-c),(ad-bc)/(a-c)), ((b-d)/(a-c),1), and (1/a-b/a,1).  The
area is ((b-d)/(a-c)-1/a-b/a)(1-(ad-bc)/(a-c))/2.

The vertices of the triangle below the rectangle are
((b-d)/(a-c),(ad-bc)/(a-c)), (1,(ad-bc)/(a-c)), and (1,-c+d).  The
area is (1-(b-d)/(a-c))((ad-bc)/(a-c)-(-c+d))/2.

For the cuts to be tangent to the circle, b = \sqrt{1+a^2}
and d = \sqrt{1+c^2}.

Numerically exploring this points to there being a single symmetric maximum.

My code is [here](20210423x.hs).
