2021-08-06 Riddler Classic
==========================
I assume that it is valid to smash into the outer wall a fraction
of a second after finishing.

To start with, I will consider the horizontal and vertical components of
the paths separately.

Considering the horizontal paths, I need to get to at least the 3rd point
left of the start line and no further than the 7th, then turn around
and get to at least the 3rd point right of the start line and no further
than the 7th.  The tightest path would be right (+1), coast (+1), coast (+1),
left (0), left (-1), left (-2), coast (-2), right (-1), right (0),
right (+1), right (+2).  This sets the lower limit at 11 seconds.

Considering the vertical paths, the maximum acceleration path would be
up (+1), up (+2), up (+3), down (+2), down (+1), down (0), down (-1), down
(-2), down (-3), up(-2)/coast(-3)/down(-4).  This sets the lower limit at
10 seconds.

The tightest vertical path would be up (+1), up (+2), coast (+2), coast (+2),
down (+1), down (0), down (-1), down (-2), down (-3).  This sets the lower
limit at 9 seconds.

The horizontal path is more limiting.  The vertical path has more play
for finding a valid 2-dimensional path.

My approach will be to find a valid path by hand as an upper limit, which
can then be used in a computational brute force search of possible move
sequences that move through the lower-right, upper-right, upper-left,
lower-left quadrants in order, then into the lower-right quadrant without
hitting a wall.

It is not possible for a valid path to cross through a quadrant without
landing on a grid point in that quadrant, so checking for passing through
a quadrant only needs checking if I'm on a grid point in that quadrant on
an even second.

Creating a path by hand,
* 3 right-up (+1,+1)
* 5 coast-coast (+1,+1)
* 2 coast-up (+1,+2)
* 4 left-coast (0,+2)
* 4 left-coast (-1,+2)
* 7 left-down (-2,+1)
* 8 coast-down (-2,0)
* 9 right-down (-1,-1)
* 9 right-down (0,-2)
* 5 coast-coast (0,-2)
* 6 right-coast (+1,-2)
* 3 right-up (+2,-1), or 6 right-coast (+2,-2), or 9 right-down (+2,-3)
takes 12 seconds.  That means a brute force search of up to 9<sup>12</sup>
move sequences.

The hand-created path reaches the lower-right quadrant after 0 seconds,
the upper-right quadrant after 3.5 seconds,
he upper-left quadrant after 6 seconds,
and the lower-right quadrant after 9.5 seconds.
These timings can be used to prune wildly off move sequences.

To check if a move hits the outside wall, I only need to check if the
final x or the final y is greater than 7 or less than -7.  A special case
is if I am starting from the lower left quadrant (x < 0 and y < 0) and
final the final x is > 0, since if y >= -7 when x = 0, then I cross the
finish line before slamming into the wall.

When checking if move from x1,y1 to x2,y2 hits the central circle,
* if x2^2 + y2^2 < 9, hit
* if x1 = x2, and x1 >= 3 or x1 <= -3, no hit
* if x1 = x2, and x1 < 3 and x2 > -3, hit if x1^2 + ymin^2 < 9, where
  ymin = 0 if y1 and y2 have opposite signs, otherwise
  ymin = min(abs(y1),abs(y2))
* similarly if y1 = y2
* otherwise, hit if xmin^2 + ymin^2 < 9 and x1 < xmin < x2 or x1 > xmin > x2, where
```
  y = (y2*(x-x1) - y1*(x-x2))/(x2-x1)
  x^2 + y^2 = x^2
            + y2^2*(x-x1)^2/(x2-x1)^2
            - 2*y1*y2*(x-x1)*(x-x2)/(x2-x1)^2
            + y1^2*(x-x2)^2/(x2-x1)^2
  d(x^2+y^2)/dx = 2x*(1 + (y1-y2)^2/(x2-x1)^2)
            - 2*(y2^2*x1 + y1*y2*(x1+x2) + y1^2*x2)/(x2-x1)^2
  xmin = (y2^2*x1 + y1*y2*(x1+x2) + y1^2*x2)/((x2-x1)^2 + (y1-y2)^2)
  ymin = (y2*(xmin-x1) - y1*(xmin-x2))/(x2-x1)
```

Running the brute force search [code](20210806c.hs) yields the same time,
12 seconds, and almost the same moves as the hand-made path: 352447899833.

The hand-made path: 352447899563.

I skipped including a hit the wall check for the crossing the finish line
case, since it didn't find any final moves that did hit the wall.

I imagine that if there were a way to take a wider final turn from going
down to going right, and finishing with a time between 11 and 12 seconds,
the brute force search would have found it, but maybe there's a flaw in
my reasoning or in my code.
