2021-10-22 Riddler Classic
==========================
Let the vertices of the equilateral triangle be at (-1,0), (1,0), and
(0,√3).  The center of the triangle is at (x₀,y₀), where
```
  (x₀,y₀) = (0,1/√3)
```


Let the vertices of the random triangle be at (x₁,y₁), (x₂,y₂), (x₃,y₃), where
```
  (x₁,y₁) = (-1+2a,0)
  (x₂,y₂) = (b-1,b√3)
  (x₃,y₃) = (1-c,c√3)
```
and a, b, and c are uniformly distributed from 0 to 1.

The random triangle contains the point (x₀,y₀) if the point is within
the angle of the vertex at (x₁,y₁) and within the angle of the vertex
at (x₂,y₂).

The point (x₀,y₀) is within the angle of the vertex at (x₁,y₁) if the
cross product of the vector from (x₁,y₁) to (x₂,y₂) with the vector from
(x₁,y₁) to (x₀,y₀) has the same sign as the cross product of the vector from
(x₁,y₁) to (x₀,y₀) with the vector from (x₁,y₁) to (x₃,y₃).  Similarly for
determining if the point is within the angle of the vertex at (x₂,y₂).

As I've formulated it, both cross products have to be negative for the center
point to be within the triangle.

The cross product of the vector from (x₁,y₁) to (x₂,y₂) with the vector
from (x₁,y₁) to (x₀,y₀) is
```
  (x₂-x₁)(y₀-y₁) - (x₀-x₁)(y₂-y₁)
    = (b-1+1-2a)(1/√3-0) - (0+1-2a)(b√3-0)
    = b/√3 - 2a/√3 - 3b/√3 + 6ab/√3
    = (6ab - 2a - 2b)/√3
```
The sign of 3ab - a - b determines whether the lower/left side of the
random triangle is above or below the center, and it must be below/left of
the center for the random triangle to contain the center.  When a is small,
the side is always left of the center.  When a is close to 1, the side is
below the center for small b, crossing to above the center as b increases.
When b is small, the side is always below the center.  When b is close to
1, the side is left of the center for small a, crossing to right of the
center as a increases.  So it makes sense that 3ab-a-b must be negative
for the random triangle to contain the center.

By symmetry (replacing a with 1-a and b with c), the sign of
-3ac + a + 2c - 1 determines whether the lower/right side of
the random triangle is above or below the center, and it must be below/right
of the center for the random triangle to contain the center.  When a is small,
the side is below the center for small c, crossing to above the center as
c increases.  When a is close to 1, the side is always right of the center.
When c is small, the side is always below the center.  When c is close to 1,
the side is left of the center for small a crossing to right of the center
as a increases.  So it makes sense that -3ac+a+2c-1 must be negative for
the random triangle to contain the center.

The cross product of the vector from (x₂,y₂) to (x₃,y₃) with the vector
from (x₂,y₂) to (x₀,y₀) is
```
  (x₃-x₂)(y₀-y₂) - (x₀-x₂)(y₃-y₂)
    = (1-c-b+1)(1/√3-b√3) - (0-b+1)(c√3-b√3)
    = 2/√3 - 6b/√3 - c/√3 + 3bc/√3 - b/√3 + 3b²/√3 + 3bc/√3 - 3c/√3 - 3b²/√3 + 3b/√3
    = (6bc - 4b - 4c + 2)/√3
```
The sign of 3bc - 2b - 2c + 1 determines whether the top side of the random
triangle is above or below the center, and it must be above the center for
the random triangle to contain the center.  When b is small, the side is
below the center for small c, crossing to above the center as c increases.
When b is close to 1, the side is always above the center.  When c is small,
the side is is below the center for small b, crossing to above the center as
b increases.  When c is close to 1, the side is always above the center.
So it makes sense that 3bc-2b-2c+1 must be negative for the random triangle
to contain the center.

The probability that the center is within the random triangle is then
```
  ∫₀¹da∫₀¹db∫₀¹dc H(a + b - 3ab) H(1 + 3ac - a - 2c) H(2b + 2c - 1 - 3bc)
```

Integrating over a means when a > b/(3b-1) and a > (2c-1)/(3c-1).

If b/(3b-1) > (2c-1)/(3c-1), then a > b/(3b-1).  If b/(3b-1) < 0, then
the integral is 1.  If b/(3b-1) > 1, then the integral is 0.  Otherwise,
the integral is 1 - b/(3b-1).

If b/(3b-1) < (2c-1)/(3c-1), then a > (2c-1)/(3c-1).  If (2c-1)/(3c-1) < 0,
then the integral is 1.  If (2c-1)/(3c-1) > 1, then the integral is 0.
Otherwise, the integral is 1 - (2c-1)/(3c-1).
```
  ∫₀¹db∫₀¹dc H(2b + 2c - 1 - 3bc)
    (H(b/(3b-1) - (2c-1)/(3c-1))
       (H(1-3b)
      + H(3b-1) H(1 - b/(3b-1)) (1 - b/(3b-1)))
   + H((2c-1)/(3c-1) - b/(3b-1))
       (H(-(2c-1)(3c-1))
      + H((2c-1)(3c-1)) H(1 - (2c-1)(3c-1)) (1 - (2c-1)(3c-1))))
```

3b-1 is negative for 0 < b < 1/3, and positive for 1/3 < b.

(2c-1)(3c-1) is positive for 0 < c < 1/3, negative for 1/3 < c < 1/2, and
positive for 1/2 < c.

This is getting more complicated than I want to think about, so I'll quit
here.
