f2021-11-05 Riddler Classic
==========================
Using brute force [code](2021105c.hs), the first three whole numbers
with the property are 36, 378, and 49600.

Looking at larger numbers (up to 1000000, and a few random ranges up
to 5000000000), it looks like between 7% and 8% have factors that add up to
more than the inch to cm conversion, so I don't see an upper bound.

If I could find a method to construct numbers with the property, that
method might have no upper bound, making an infinite number of numbers with
the property.  But I don't know how to do that.

Thoughts
--------
Consider a number n with the property.  That means the factors of n add up
to 2.54n rounded, or 127n/50 rounded.

Since n is a factor of n, the remaining factors of n that are between 1 and n
add up to 77n/50 - 1 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 2, then the sum of the factors of n that are between 2
and n/2 add up to 26n/25 - 3 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 2 and 3, then the sum of the factors of n that are
between 3 and n/3 add up to 53n/75 - 6 rounded.

If n is not a multiple of 2 and is a multiple of 3, then the sum of the factors
that are between 3 and n/3 add up to 181n/150 - 4 rounded.

If n is a multiple 4 and not a multiple of 3, then the sum of the factors
that are between 4 and n/4 add up to 79n/100 - 5 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 3 and 4, then the sum of the factors that are
between 4 and n/4 add up to 137n/300 - 8 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 5 and not of 2 or 3, then the sum of the factors
that are between 5 and n/5 add up to 67n/50 - 6 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 2 and 5 and not of 3 or 4, then the sum of the factors
that are between 5 and n/5 add up to 21n/25 - 8 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 2, 3, and 5 and not of 4, then the sum of the factors
that are between 5 and n/5 add up to 38n/75 - 11 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 4 and 5, and not of 3, then the sum of the factors
that are between 5 and n/5 add up to 59n/100 - 12 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 3, 4, and 5, then the sum of the factors that are between
5 and n/5 add up to 77n/300 - 15 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 6, and not of 4 or 5, then the sum of the factors that
are between 6 and n/6 add up to 27n/50 - 12 rounded.

If n is a multiple of 4 and 6, and not of 5, then the sum of the factors that
are between 6 and n/6 add up to 29n/100 - 16 rounded.  (Unless n = 36, in which
case they add up to 29n/100 - 10 = 11/25, which rounds to 0,
or 137n/300 - 16 = 11/25.)

Continuing this line of reasoning, if n is a multiple of m (and is or is not
a multiple of values smaller than m (that are not factors of m)), then the
sum of the factors between m and n/m add up to an - b, where
a = 254/100 - sum of the reciprocals of the factors of n that are less than or
equal to m, and b = sum of the factors of n that are less than or equal to m.
If -1/2 < an - b < 1/2, and n has the property.

So, given m, and a list of factors less than m, we can calculate a, b, and
candidates n where -1/2 < an - b < 1/2.

Using code this approach to search numbers that have or don't have factors of
2, 3, 4, 5... finds the same 3 numbers, but doesn't find anything else quickly.
