2021-05-14 Riddler Classic
==========================
The first thing to determine is whether starting the last round wins or not
to determine whether it is preferable to say 19 or 20 when both are an option.

For the last round, saying 16 through 19 loses, so saying 15 wins, so saying
11-14 loses, so saying 10 wins, so saying 6-9 loses, so saying 5 wins and
saying 1 loses.  That means starting the last round loses.

For the round of 3, the preferable outcome is to say 20 and go second in the
last round.  The secondary preferable outcome is to say 16-19 and not be
eliminated.  Saying 15 is a certain loser, so nobody will ever say 15.
Saying 12-14 is similarly a certain loser.  So saying 11 is a certain winner.
That means saying 7-10 is secondarily preferable and 3-6 is a loser, and
saying 2 is a winner.

Player B wins.

Extra credit
------------
The first preference is to go second in the round of 3, the secondary
preference is to go first in the round of 3, and finally, the tertiary
preference is the just avoid being eliminated in the round of 4.

Saying 20 means going 3rd in the round of 3, so that will only happen
if the previous number was 19.

Saying 19 means going 2nd in the round of 3, so that is the goal, and will
happen if the previous number was 15-18.

Saying 15-18 means means going first in the round of 3, which is preferable
to being eliminated in the round of 4 or going 3rd in the round of 3.

Saying 11-14 means being eliminated in the round of 4.

Saying 10 means means going 3rd in the round of 3, so that will only
happen if the previous number was 9.

Saying 9 means going 2nd in the round of 3, so that is the goal, and will
happen if the previous number was 5-8.

Saying 5-8 means going first in the round of 3.

Saying 1-4 means being eliminated in the round of 4.

Player C wins.
