2021-09-24 Riddler Classic
==========================
Maximizing the minimum score means trying to make all the scores as equal as
possible, since if the scores are as equal as possible, it would be possible
to swap the score of one event from the highest score with one event from
the another competitor, resulting in a new higher lowest score that's less
than or equal to the previous second lowest score.

Having 3 competitors have scores of 1×7×8 = 56 reduces it to a 5 competitor
problem.

Having 3 more competitors have scores of 2×5×6 = 60 means the final 2
competitors have to be 3×3×4 = 36 or 3×4×4 = 48.

Swapping a score between the 3×3×4 and a 2×5×6 gives
3×3×6=54 and 2×4×5 = 40.

Swapping a score between the 2×4×5 and another 2×5×6 gives
2×5×5 = 50 and 2×4×6 = 48.

I don't think the 48 can be increased.

Swapping a score from the remaining 2×5×6 that makes it smaller means it
would be 48 or less.

If one competitor had 1×7×7, then accounting for the other two ones could
have one with 1×8×8 and 1×7×8, which would lead to the same result
for the other 5, or one of them could have 1×6×8, which is 48, so it's clear
that to have a winning score bigger than 48, the ones, sevens, and eights
need to go to 3 competitors, and having all three of them score 1×7×8 = 56
gives the most room for the other 5, which must have scores from 2 to 6 in
each event.

Accounting for the 3 twos, there could be three 2×5×6 = 60 scores, or there
could be a 2×5×5 = 50 score plus a 2×5×6 = 60 score and a 2×6×6 = 72 score,
which are equivalent by making the final two scores 3×3×4 = 36 and 3×4×4 = 48.
And any other combination to distribute a five or a six to the last two
competitors without a two makes the lowest score with a two 2×4×6 = 48, so
the worst winning score can't be worse than 48.
