2023-09-22 Fiddler
==================
A rhombus with width 6 has 36, and a triangle with width 8 has 36, making
36 the next with two distinct formations after 15.

Extra credit
------------
Using [code](20230922.hs), 141 is the smallest with three distinct formations:
width 12 and length 21, width 13 and length 18, width 14 and length 17.

The smallest with four distinct formations is 610.

The smallest with five distinct formations is 6903.

The smallest with six distinct formations is 2395.

The smallest with seven distinct formations is 338241.

The smallest with eight distinct formations is 10606.

The smallest with nine distinct formations is 40713.

The smallest with ten distinct formations is 117349.

The smallest with eleven distinct formations has a width greater than 3000.

The smallest with twelve distinct formations is 98190.

The smallest with thirteen distinct formations has a width greater than 3000.


### Further thoughts ###
With width $w$, the sizes can be $w(w+1)/2 + (w-n)(w-n-1)/2 - n(n+1)/2$ where 
$n$ is $0 \ldots w-1$, and the length is $2w-n-1$.

Multiple distinct formations will have solutions to
$w_1(w_1+1)/2 + (w_1-n_1)(w_1-n_1-1)/2 - n_1(n_1+1)/2 = w_2(w_2+1)/2 + (w_2-n_2)(w_2-n_2-1)/2 - n_2(n_2+1)/2$
where $w_1 \ne w_2$.  Not getting anywhere with this.

Making the rounds
-----------------
Consider no elements, there is $\{\{\}\}$.

Consider one element, $x$.  There are $\{\{\}\}$ and $\{\{x\}\}$.

Consider two elements, $x$ and $y$.  There are $\{\{\}\}$, $\{\{x\}\}$, $\{\{y\}\}$,
$\{\{x\},\{y\}\}$, $\{\{x,y\}\}$.

Now, with three elements, $x$, $y$, and $z$:
* $\{\{\}\}$
* $\{\{x\}\}$
* $\{\{y\}\}$
* $\{\{z\}\}$
* $\{\{x\},\{y\}\}$
* $\{\{x\},\{z\}\}$
* $\{\{y\},\{z\}\}$
* $\{\{x\},\{y\},\{z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y\}\}$
* $\{\{x,z\}\}$
* $\{\{y,z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y\},\{z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,z\},\{y\}\}$
* $\{\{y,z\},\{x\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y\},\{x,z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y\},\{y,z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,z\},\{x,y\}\}$
* $\{\{x,z\},\{y,z\}\}$
* $\{\{y,z\},\{x,y\}\}$
* $\{\{y,z\},\{x,z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y\},\{x,z\},\{y,z\}\}$
* $\{\{x,y,z\}\}$

That's 22 ways.
