2023-08-04 Fiddler
==================
Let a canonical pattern be one that has at least one raised dot in the
top (or bottom) row and at least one raised dot in the left (or right)
column.  Then, no canonical pattern is a translation of any other canonical
pattern, and every pattern, except for the pattern with no raised dots,
is either a canonical pattern or a translation of a canonical pattern.

The size of the largest set of patterns with no translations is the number
of canonical patterns plus one (for the pattern with no raised dots).

Consider cells with $n$ columns and $m$ rows.  If the upper left dot is
raised, there are $2^{nm-1}$ canonical patterns.  If the upper left dot is
not raised, there are $2^{n-1}-1$ different ways for the top row to have
at least one raised dot, $2^{m-1}-1$ different ways for the left column
to have at least one raised dot, and $2^{(n-1)(m-1)}$ patterns of dots not
on the top row or left column.

That makes

$$ 1 + 2^{nm-1} + (2^{m-1}-1)(2^{n-1}-1)2^{(n-1)(m-1)} $$

patterns in the largest set without translations.

When $n = 2$ and $m = 3$, that's 45 patterns.

| |  |
|-|--|
|1|⠀|
|2|⠁⠂⠄⠈⠐⠠ |
|3|⠃⠆⠘⠰ |
|4|⠅⠨ |
|5|⠇⠸ |
|6|⠉⠒⠤ |
|7|⠊⠔ |
|8|⠋⠖ |
|9|⠌ |
|10|⠍ |
|11|⠎ |
|12|⠏ |
|13|⠑⠢ |
|14|⠓⠦ |
|15|⠕ |
|16|⠗ |
|17|⠙⠲ |
|18|⠚⠴ |
|19|⠛⠶ |
|20|⠜ |
|21|⠝ |
|22|⠞ |
|23|⠟ |
|24|⠡ |
|25|⠣ |
|26|⠥ |
|27|⠧ |
|28|⠩ |
|29|⠪ |
|30|⠫ |
|31|⠬ |
|32|⠭ |
|33|⠮ |
|34|⠯ |
|35|⠱ |
|36|⠳ |
|37|⠵ |
|38|⠷ |
|39|⠹ |
|40|⠺ |
|41|⠻ |
|42|⠼ |
|43|⠽ |
|44|⠾ |
|45|⠿ |

Extra credit
------------
When $n = 4$ and $m = 6$, that's 15499265 patterns.

Making the rounds
-----------------
To put 10 chocolates in a $4\times4$ grid such that each row and each column
has an even number of chocolates, put 7 of them so that 4 of them are in
the same row and 4 of them are in the same column, then put the remaining 3
such that each is in a different row and column.

There are 4 rows and 4 columns, so there are 16 ways to put the first 7, and,
given an arrangement of the first 7, there are 3! ways to arrange the last 3,
so there are 96 ways.
