2023-08-25 Fiddler
==================
If I bet $x$ dollars on the first game, I will end up with $100+x$ or $200-2x$.

When they are equal, $x = 100/3$, making the guaranteed amount 400/3.

Extra credit
------------
There are ${12\choose4} = 495$ scenarios.

Once the Eagles have 8 wins or 4 losses, I can bet everything.  That is
guaranteed to happen for the 12th game, but it can happen as soon as the 5th
game.

If the Eagles lose the first 4 games and I have $x$ left, I'll end up with
$256x$, so I should bet on the Eagles winning for each of the first 4 games
as long as they keep losing.

If there are $n$ games left and the Eagles will win $n-1$ and lose 1,
I should bet that the Eagles win the next game, because if the Eagles
lose the next game, I'll win the remaining $n-1$ bets.  If I have $x$
and bet $y$ that the Eagles win the next game and the Eagles lose, I'll
end up with $2^{n-1}(x-y)$.  If the Eagles win, I'll be in the same
situation, but with one fewer games and more money.

If there are $n$ games left and the Eagles will win 1 and lose $n-1$, the
logic is the same, but with the bets reversed.

If there are 2 games left and the Eagles will win 1 and lose 1 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$, I will end up with either $2(x-y)$ or $2(x+y)$.
To maximize the guaranteed amount, $y=0$, and I end up with $2x$.

If there are 3 games left and the Eagles will win 2 and lose 1 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$ that the Eagles win, then, if the Eagles lose,
I will end up with $4(x-y)$, and if the Eagles win, I will end up
with $2(x+y)$.  To maximize the guaranteed amount, $y=x/3$,
and I end up with $8x/3$.

If there are 4 games left and the Eagles will win 3 and lose 1 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$ that the Eagles win, then, if the Eagles lose,
I will end up with $8(x-y)$, and if the Eagles win, I will end up with
$8(x+y)/3$.  To maximize the guaranteed amount, $y=x/2$, and I
end up with $4x$.

If there are 4 games left and the Eagles will win 2 and lose 2 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$, then, if I win the bet, I will end up with
$8(x+y)/3$, and if I lose the bet, I will end up with $8(x-y)/3$, so
$y=0$ and I end up with $8x/3$.

If there are 5 games left and the Eagles will win 4 and lose 1 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$ that the Eagles win, then, if the Eagles lose,
I will end up with $16(x-y)$, and if the Eagles win, I will end up
with $4(x+y)$, so $y=3x/5$ and I will be guaranteed $32x/5$.

If there are 5 games left and the Eagles will win 3 and lose 2 and I
have $x$ left and I bet $y$ that the Eagles will win, then, if the Eagles
lose, I will end up with $4(x-y)$, and if the Eagles win, I will end
up with $8(x+y)/3$, so $y=x/5$ and I will be guaranteed $16x/5$.

Continuing with [code](20230825.hs), if the Eagles will go 8-4 and I
have $x$ left, I will be guaranteed to end up with $4096x/495$, which
is 81920/99 or about 827.47 when $x=100$.

Making the rounds
-----------------
A lower bound is 3, since the direct path and the two paths with a single
reflection do not intersect.  Every other path intersects these three
paths.

Every path consists of segments that have the same angle or complementary
angle with respect to the mirrors.  Going through both dots restricts those
angles to some rational subset.

For every non-zero number of reflections, there are two paths.

Let the mirrors be at $y = 0$ and $y = 1$, and let the people be at
$(0,a)$ and $(l,b)$.

Let $S = (b-a)/l$.  The direct path is $y = Sx + a$.

Consider parallel 2-sided mirrors at $y = n$, and parallel people at
$(l,b), (l,-b), (l,2-b), (l,b-2), \dots (l,2n\pm b)$.

Then, the direct paths and their parallels are
$y = Sx + 2n + a$ and $y = -Sx + 2n - a$.

All the paths with an even number of reflections are
$y = (2m + b - a)x/l + a$, with $|2m|$ reflections.

All the paths with an odd number of reflections are
$y = (2m - b - a)x/l + a$, with $|2m+1|$ reflections.

Consider when the paths with an even number of reflections intersect
a direct path,

$$ (2m + b - a)x/l + a = Sx + 2n + a $$

$$ (2m + b - a)x/l + a = -Sx + 2n - a $$

which intersect at $x = ln/m$, $x = (n-a)l/(m + b - a)$.

Putting a blocker at $x = l/2$ on the direct path blocks all paths for which
$m$ is even, or all paths for which the number of reflections is a multiple
of 4.

(Still have to find ways to block paths for which the number of reflections
has a single factor of 2.)

The one reflection paths and their parallels are
$y = - (a+b)x/l + a + 2n$ and $y = - (a+b+2)x/l + 2n$.

Consider when paths with odd number of reflections intersect a
one reflection path,

$$ - (a+b)x/l + a + 2n = (2m-b-a)x/l + a $$

$$ - (a+b+2)x/l + 2n = (2m-b-a)x/l + a $$

which intersect at $x = ln/m$, $x = (2n-a)l/(2m+2)$.

Putting blockers at $x = l/2$ on the one reflection paths blocks all
paths for which $m$ is even, or all paths for which the number of reflections
is a multiple of 4 plus 1.

(Still have to find ways to block paths for which the number of reflections
is a multiple of 4 plus 3.)
