2023-04-07 Riddler Express
==========================
The rotational symmetry means I only need to count configurations in which
there is at least one egg in the front row.  (Or I could use any other way
to partition the slots that is invariant under rotation.)

If both eggs are in the same row, there are 5+4+3+2+1 = 15 ways.

If the eggs are in different rows, I only need to count configurations in
which there is at least one egg in one of the left 6 slots.

If both eggs are in the left half, there are 9 ways.

If one egg is in the left half and one is in the right half, there are 18 ways.

That makes 42 ways.

Extra credit
------------
If there are $n$ eggs, it has the same number of distinct ways as $12-n$ eggs.

For 0 and 12, there is 1 way.

For 1 and 11, there are 6 ways.
   
For 2 and 10, there are 42 ways.

For 3 and 9,
* If all three are in one row, there are 20 ways.
* If there are two in one row and one in the other,
  there are 15×6 = 90 ways.

In total, that's 110 ways.

For 4 and 8,
* If all four are in one row, there are 15 ways.
* If there are three in one row and one in the other,
  there are 20×6 = 240 ways.
* If there are two in each row,
  * If all four are in the left half,
    there are 3×3 = 9 ways.
  * If three are in the left half and one in the right half,
    there are 9×3×2 = 54 ways.
  * If two are in the left half and two in the right half,
    there are nine ways to arrange the left half, and nine ways
    to arrange the right half, so there are 9+8+7+6+5+4+3+2+1 = 45
    distinct ways to arrange both.

In total, that's 363 ways.

For 5 and 7,
* If all five are in one row, there are 6 ways.
* If there are four in one row and one in the other,
  there are 15×6 = 90 ways.
* If there are three in one row and two in the other,
  there are 20×15 = 300 ways.

In total, that's 396 ways.

For 6,
* If all six are in one row, there is 1 way.
* If there are five in one row and one in the other,
  there are 6×6 = 36 ways.
* If there are four in one row and two in the other,
  there are 15×15 = 225 ways.
* If there are three in each row,
  * If all six are in the left half,
    there is 1 way.
  * If five are in the left half and one is in the right half,
    there are 6×6 = 36 ways.
  * If four are in the left half and two are in the right half,
    there are 9×9 = 81 ways.
  * If three are in the left half and three are in the right half,
    there are 9×9×2 = 162 ways.

In total, that's 542 ways.
