2023-03-17 Riddler Classic
==========================
Initially, I'll just ignore the difference between a straight and a straight
flush.  After figuring that out, I can calculate the probability of a straight
flush and subtract that from the probability of a straight.

The probability of a full house should be easier to calculate.

Some [code](20230317c.hs) will do the calculations.

|suits|full house      |straight+straight flush|straight flush|
|-----|----------------|-----------------------|--------------|
| 3   | 32/24605       | 270/63973             | 10/191919    |
| 4   | 39/20825       | 128/32487             | 1/64974      |
| 5   | 30/13237       | 15625/4129944         | 25/4129944   |
| 6   | 138/54131      | 2592/703703           | 2/703703     |
| 7   | 392/141955     | 12005/3321747         | 5/3321747    |
| 8   | 12936/4421275  | 8192/2299063          | 2/2299063    |
| 9   | 1152/376855    | 65610/18616637        | 10/18616637  |
| 10  | 45/14224       | 15625/4472559         | 25/71560944  |
| 11  | 10560/3246901  | 146410/42209713       | 10/42209713  |
| 12  | 1166/350455    | 34560/10023013        | 5/30069039   |
| 13  | 18096/5336485  | 10985/3201891         | 5/41624583   |
| 14  | 49686/14417555 | 384160/112456929      | 10/112456929 |

The probability of a full house is less than a straight when there are
13 or fewer suits.  When there are 14 or more suits, the probability of
a full house is more.

At 13 suits, full house is approximately 0.339%,
straight is approximately 0.343%.

At 14 suits, full house is approximately 0.345%,
straight is approximately 0.342%.

When there are many suits,
full house approaches 120/28561, approximately 0.420%,
straight approaches 1200/371293, approximately 0.323%.

Extra credit
------------
The probability of a full house is a straightfoward extension.

The probability of a straight is less so.  If it's possible to get a
flush (or a straight flush) by discarding two cards, and a straight by
discarding two other cards, then it will not be a straight.  This
possibility is probably small enough not to affect the number of suits
where the straight probability falls below the full house probability,
so I'll neglect this possibility with this caveat.

However, when the number of suits becomes large, the flush and
straight flush probabilities become negligible.

When there are many suits,
the full house probability approaches 310020/4826809, approximately 6.42%,
and the straight probability approaches 5551951/62748517, approximately 8.85%.
(My code doing this calculation is pretty slow.)

So the probability of a straight remains greater than the probability of
a full house for any number of suits.
