2023-02-03 Riddler Express
==========================
Of the other, less frequent ways, I can only think of defensively scoring
2 points on a one or two point attempt after a touchdown.

Scoring 14 points have 0, 1, or 2 touchdowns.

With 2 touchdowns, the remaining 2 points can come from 2 one-point
conversions, a two-point conversion, or a safety.  That makes 3 ways.

With 1 touchdown, the remaining 8 points have 0, 1, or 2 field goals.

With 1 touchdown and 2 field goals, the remaining 2 points can come
from a two-point conversion, or a safety.  That make 2 more ways for
a total of 5 ways.

With 1 touchdown and 1 field goal, the remaining 5 points must be from
a one-point conversion and 2 safeties.  That makes 1 more way for a total
of 6 ways.

With 1 touchdown and no field goals, the remaining 8 points can be either
from a two-point conversion and 3 safeties, or 4 safeties.  That makes
2 more ways for a total of 8 ways.

With no touchdowns, the 14 points can have 0, 2, or 4 field goals.

With no touchdowns and no field goals, it's 7 safeties for 14 points for
1 more way for a total of 9 ways.

With no touchdowns and 2 field goals, it's 4 safeties for 8 points for
1 more way for a total of 10 ways.

With no touchdowns and 4 field goals, it's a safety for 2 points for
1 more way for a total of 11 ways.

There are 11 ways to score 14 points with the given ways of scoring.

Extra credit
------------
Using [code](20230203x.hs) to count, there are 57 ways to score 28 points
with the given ways of scoring.
