2023-09-15 Fiddler
==================
First noting that the winning percentages being random and independent is
an unrealistic simplification if the teams are playing each other.

There are 10 teams in 2 divisions, so there are 10 choose 5, or 252, ways to
order the 10 winning percentages, only 1 of which has every ELE team ordered
ahead of every ELC team, making the probability 1/252.

Extra credit
------------
With 30 teams in 6 divisions, there are $30!/5!^6 = 88832646059788350720$
ways to order the winning percentages, so a brute force computation is not
feasible.

There are 30 choose 5, or 142506, ways for the teams in a single division
to be in the standings, from 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th, all the way to
26th, 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th.  For a given way, there is a number of
places in the standings higher than the place of the team in the division
with the worst record, from 0 when it's 5th to 25 when it's 30th.  The
probability that all teams from another division have a worse record than
that 5th place team is now a problem of 25 teams in 5 divisions.  And, in the
cases where every division has at least one team better than 5th place team,
it also reduces to a problem of 25 teams in 5 divisions.

Let there be $n$ divisions of $m$ teams.

Let $S_1(n,m)$ be the probability that all the teams in a given division are
higher in the overall standings than all the teams in another division.  By
symmetry, it is also the probability that all of the teams in that division
are lower in the overall standings than all of the teams in another division.

Also, $S_1(1,m) = 0$.

Then, the probability that all the teams in some division are higher in
the overall standings than all the teams in another division is
$S(n,m) = 2S_1(n,m) + (1 - 2S_1(n,m))S(n-1,m)$.

Let $F(n,m,p)$ be the probability that the last place team in a given division
has a worse record than $p$ non-division teams.

Let $W_1(n,m,p,q)$ be the probability that $q$ teams in a given division are
lower than $p$ in the overall standings.

Then, the probability that all the teams in some division are lower than $p$
in the overall standings is
$W(n,m,p) = W_1(n,m,p,m) + \sum_{q=0}^{m-1} W_1(n,m,p,q) W(n-1,m,p-m+q)$,
where $W(1,m,p) = 0$.

Then, $S_1(n,m) = \sum_{p=0}{(n-1)m} F(n,m,p)W(n-1,m,p)$.

Using [brute force code](20230915.hs) to calculate $F(n,m,p)$ and
$W_1(n,m,p,q)$,
$S(6,5) = 14355655898435555749742105229829847099406619/15242529438864054335192605596093518932005273600 \approx 0.0009418$.

Assuming no mistakes in my reasoning or in my code, there is roughly a
0.094% probability that every the team in some division will have better
winning percentages than every team in some other division, given 6 5-team
divisions and independently uniformly random winning percentages.

Making the rounds
-----------------
The target distribution is

|sum|count|
|---|-----|
|2  |1    |
|3  |2    |
|4  |3    |
|5  |4    |
|6  |5    |
|7  |6    |
|8  |5    |
|9  |4    |
|10 |3    |
|11 |2    |
|12 |1    |

For a 1/36 chance at 2, either the first die has one 1 and the second die
has one 1, or the first die has zero 1s and one 2 and the second die has
one 0.

For a 1/36 chance at 12, either the first die has one 4 and the second die
has one 8, or the first die has zero 4s and one 3 and the second die has
one 9, or the first die has zero 4s and zero 3s and one 2 and the second
die has one 10.  The last is incompatible with the requirements for a 1/36
chance at 2.

Due to symmetry, consider that the first die has one 1, two 2s, two 3s, and
one 4.

Since the second die has one 1, that makes one 2, two 3s, two 4s, and one 5
for possible rolls.

And the second die has one 8, making one 12, two 11s, two 10s, and one 9
for possible rolls.

There cannot be any more 3s or 11s, so the second die has no 2 or 7.

There must be one more 4 and one more 10, so the second die must have one
3 and one 6, making one more 4, two more 5s, two more 6s, two more 7s,
two more 8s, two more 9s, and one more 10.

There needs to be one more 5, three more 6s, four more 7s, three more 8s,
and one more 9, which is the case when the last two faces on the second die
are 4 and 5.

The faces on the first die are 1 2 2 3 3 4, and the faces on the second die
are 1 3 4 5 6 8.
