2023-07-14 Fiddler
==================
One of the operations would be dividing by 1, which should be generated by
subtracting 1 from 2.  The addition should be done before the multiplication,
and should add the two smaller numbers.  That makes largest value
(3+4)×5÷(2-1) = 35.

Extra credit
------------
When there are 2 of each operation, division after dividing by 1 is
multiplication, and that would use up the 1 and the two divisions.

Two subtractions could essentially turn the 2 into a -2.

That leaves -2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, with four additions and three
multiplications, where the -2 needs to be added to the sum of two of the
numbers.  Doing the additions to make the four sums as close to each other
as possible gives 9×(8+5-2)×(7+3)×(6+4) = 9900.  In other words,
9×(8-(2-5))×(7+3)÷(1÷(6+4)) = 9900.

When are $N$ of each operation, if $N$ is even, let $N = 2n$.  Use $n-1$
subtractions to make $n-1$ ones, which, with the original 1, can turn the
$2n$ divisions into $n$ multiplications.  Then, with the $n+1$ subtractions
and $2n$ additions, make $3n+1$ sums that are as close to each other as
possible.  The resulting value will be the product of these sums.

If $N$ is odd, let $N = 2n+1$.  Use $n$ subtractions to make $n$ ones, which
can turn $2n$ divisions into $n$ multiplications.  The last division will be
to divide by the original 1.  Then, with the $n+1$ subtractions and $2n+1$
additions, make $3n+2$ sums that are as close to each other as possible.
The resulting value will be the product of these sums.

If $n+1$ is even, let $n+1 = 2m$, there must be $m$ negative numbers in the
the $3n+1$ or $3n+2$ sums, and the sums with the negative numbers need at
least two positive numbers.

If $n+1$ is odd, let $n+1 = 2m+1$, there must be $m+1$ negative numbers in
the $3n+1$ or $3n+2$ sums, and, except for one of them that needs at least
one positive number, the sums with negative numbers need at least two
positive numbers.

Restating the cases, $N = 4m$, $N = 4m+1$, $N = 4m+2$, or $N = 4m+3$.

If $N = 4m$, use $2m-1$ subtractions to make $2m-1$ ones, which, with the
original 1, can turn the divisions into $2m$ multiplications.  There are
$2m+1$ remaining subtractions and $4m$ additions to make $6m+1$ sums that
are as close to each other as possible.  One of the subtractions will be
to subtract 2.  The other $2m$ subtractions will be to subtract
$3, 4, \ldots m+2$ from the sum of two other numbers.  Now, it's clear that
$m+3, m+4, m+5, m+6, m+7, m+8, \ldots 5m-1, 5m$ will be used to make the
$2m-1$ ones that turn the divisions into multiplications.  So
$2, 3, \ldots m+2$ will be negative numbers and
$5m+1, 5m+2 \ldots 16m+1$ will be positive numbers in the $6m+1$ sums.

Other than the ones, there are $12m+2$ numbers, with $2m+1$ subtractions
and $4m$ additions, which will result in the $6m+1$ numbers.  Use the
additions to add $(5m+1) + (15m), (5m+2) + (15m-1), \ldots (9m) + (11m+1)$,
and use pairs of subtractions to make
$(9m+1) - (3 - (11m)), (9m+2) - (4 - (11m-1)), \ldots (10m) - ((m+2) - (10m+1))$.  The last subtraction will turn one of the $20m+1$ sums into $20m-1$.
The numbers $15m+1, 15m+2, \ldots 16m+1$ go directly into the product.
The result is

$$
  \frac{(16m+1)!}{(15m)!} \frac{(20m+1-3)!}{(19m-2)!} (20m-1)(20m+1)^{4m-1}
 = \frac{(4N+1)!(5N-2)!(19N/4-1)!(5N-1)(5N+1)^{N-1}}{(15N/4)!(19N/4-2)!}
$$

If $N = 4m+1$, use $2m$ subtractions to make $2m$ ones, which turn $4m$
divisions into $2m$ multiplications.  The last division divides a term by
the original 1.  There are $2m+1$ remaining subtractions and $4m+1$ additions
to make $6m+2$ sums that are as close to each other as possible.  One of the
subtractions will be to subtract 2.  The other $2m$ subtractions will be to
subtract $3, 4, \ldots m+2$ from the sum of two other numbers.  The
ones will be made from $m+3, m+4, m+5, m+6, \ldots 5m+1, 5m+2$, so
$2, 3, \ldots m+2$ will be negative numbers and $5m+3, 5m+4, \ldots 16m+5$
will be positive numbers in the $6m+2$ sums.  (I think $m=0$ is a special
case that can make a one from $2-1$, since there will be no more subtractions.)

Other than the ones, there are $12m+4$ numbers, with $2m+1$ subtractions
and $4m+1$ additions, which will result in $6m+2$ numbers.  Use the additions
to add $(5m+3)+(15m+6), (5m+4)+(15m+5), \ldots (9m+4)+(11m+5)$, and use pairs
of subtractions to make
$(9m+5)-(3-(11m+6)), (9m+6)-(4-(11m+5)), \ldots (10m+5)-((m+2)-(10m+6))$.
The last subtraction turns one of the $20m+9$ sums into $20m+7$.  The
numbers $15m+7, 15m+8, \ldots 16m+5$ go directly into the product.
The result is

$$
  \frac{(16m+5)!}{(15m+6)!} \frac{(20m+8)!}{(19m+9)!} (20m+7)(20m+9)^{4m}
 = \frac{(4N+1)!(5N+2)(5N+4)^{N-1}}{(5N+3)!(19(N-1)/4+9)!}
$$

If $N = 4m+2$, use $2m$ subtractions to make $2m$ ones, which, with the
original 1, turns the divisions into $2m+1$ multiplications.  There are
$2m+2$ remaining subtractions and $4m+2$ additions to make $6m+4$ sums
that are as close to each other as possible.  The $2m+2$ subtractions will
subtract $2, 3, \ldots m+2$ from the sum of two other numbers.  The ones
will be made from $m+3, m+4, m+5, m+6, \ldots 5m+1, 5m+2$, so
$2, 3, \ldots m+2$ will be negative numbers and $5m+3, 5m+4, \ldots 16m+9$
will be positive numbers in the $6m+4$ sums.

If $N = 4m+3$, use $2m+1$ subtractions to make $2m+1$ ones, which turn
$4m+2$ divisions into $2m+1$ multiplications.  The last division divides by
the original 1.  There are $2m+2$ remaining subtractions and $4m+3$ additions
to make $6m+5$ sums that are as close to each other as possible.  The
$2m+2$ subtractions will subtract $2, 3, \ldots m+2$ from the sum of two
other numbers.  The ones will be made from
$m+3, m+4, m+5, m+6, \ldots 5m+1, 5m+2$, so
$2, 3, \ldots m+2$ will be negative numbers and $5m+3, 5m+4, \ldots 16m+13$
will be positive numbers in the $6m+5$ sums.
