2023-10-20 Fiddler
==================
For each block, there's a 1/4 chance of gaining a block, 1/4 chance of losing
a block, and 1/2 chance of a push.

At light 2, 1/4 chance of being caught, 1/4 chance of getting 2 blocks ahead,
1/2 chance of staying 1 block ahead.

At light 3, 1/2 chance of being 1 block ahead, so 1/2×1/4=1/8 chance of being
caught, 1/2×1/4=1/8 chance of getting 2 blocks ahead, 1/2×1/2=1/4 chance of
staying 1 block ahead.

At light 3, 1/4 chance of being 2 blocks ahead, so 1/4×1/4=1/16 chance of
getting 1 block ahead, 1/4×1/4=1/16 chance of getting 3 blocks ahead,
1/4×1/2=1/8 chance of staying 2 blocks ahead.

At light 4, 5/16 chance of being 1 block ahead, so 5/16×1/4=5/64 chance of
being caught, 5/16×1/4=5/64 chance of getting 2 blocks ahead, 5/16×1/2=5/32
chance of staying one block ahead.

At light 4, 1/4 chance of being 2 blocks ahead, so 1/4×1/4=1/16 chance of
getting 1 block ahead, 1/4×1/4=1/16 chance of getting 3 blocks ahead,
1/4×1/2=1/8 chance of staying 2 blocks ahead.

At light 4, 1/16 chance of being 3 blocks ahead, so 1/16×1/4=1/64 chance of
getting 2 blocks ahead, 1/16×1/4=1/64 chance of getting 4 blocks ahead,
1/16×1/2=1/32 chance of staying 3 blocks ahead.

At light 5, 7/32 chance of being 1 block ahead, so 7/32×1/4=7/128 chance of
being caught, 21/128 chance of escaping.

At light 5, 7/32 chance of being 2 blocks ahead and escaping.

At light 5, 3/32 chance of being 3 blocks ahead and escaping.

At light 5, 1/64 chance of being 4 blocks ahead and escaping.

Adding them up, it's a 63/128 chance of escaping.

Using [code](20231020.hs), I get the same result.

Extra credit
------------
Since there is a possibility of staying ahead forever, that skews the
average time before getting caught to infinity.  At any given light,
there is a 1/4 chance of getting closer to getting caught and a 1/4
chance of getting farther from getting caught.

Let $E(n)$ chance of staying ahead forever when ahead by $n$ blocks.

$$ E(1) = E(1)/2 + E(2)/4 = E(2)/2 $$
$$ E(n) = E(n)/2 + E(n-1)/4 + E(n+1)/4 $$

Postulate $E(n) = A(n)E(n+1)$.  That makes

$$ A(1) = 1/2 $$

$$ A(n) = \frac{1}{2-A(n-1)} $$

which is satisfied by

$$ A(n) = \frac{n}{n+1} $$

so

$$ E(n) = \frac{nE(n+1)}{n+1} = \frac{nE(n+2)}{n+2} = \frac{nE(n+m)}{n+m} $$

$$ E(1) = E(n)/n $$

Since for large $n$, $E$ approaches 1 or some value less than 1, then $E(1)$
must be infinitesmal, so maybe the average time before getting caught could
be finite, but trying some [simulations](20231020ec.go) suggests not.

### Another approach ###
Let $C(l,m)$ be the probability of getting caught in $m$ minutes when the
lead is $l$ blocks.

$$ C(1,1) = 1/4 $$

$$ C(1,m) = C(1,m-1)/2 + C(2,m-1)/4 $$

$$ C(l,m) = C(l,m-1)/2 + C(l-1,m-1)/4 + C(l+1,m-1)/4 $$

Then, the average time before being caught is

$$ \sum_{m=1}^{\infty} mC(1,m) $$

Also, since the probability of staying ahead forever must be infinitesmal,

$$ \sum_{m=1}^{\infty} C(1,m) = 1 - E(1) = 1 $$

Using code, it looks $mC(1,m)$ does not converge to zero fast enough for the
sum to be finite.

Tabulating the partial sums,

|$n$|$\sum_{m=1}^{n}mC(1,m)$|
|---|----------------------|
|1  |1/4 ≈ 0.25|
|2  |1/2 ≈ 0.5|
|3  |47/64 ≈ 0.734375|
|4  |61/64 ≈ 0.953125|
|5  |593/512 ≈ 1.158203125|
|6  |173/128 ≈ 1.3515625|
|7  |25147/16384 ≈ 1.53485107421875|
|8  |28007/16384 ≈ 1.70941162109375|
|9  |245935/131072 ≈ 1.8763351440429688|
|10 |133465/65536 ≈ 2.0365142822265625|
|20 |465226670411/137438953472 ≈ 3.3849695348981186|
|30 |10041036411856413/2251799813685248 ≈ 4.459115926217022|
|40 |812828069824420975599161/151115727451828646838272 ≈ 5.378844965581277|
|50 |245454032064965529682458032255/39614081257132168796771975168 ≈ 6.1961308775973105|
|60 |288237310775945650450892352118409645/41538374868278621028243970633760768 ≈ 6.9390608489130425|
|70 |166054438982287151833155128105533830445807/21778071482940061661655974875633165533184 ≈ 7.624845896587609|
|80 |1509901984174865953204255947097881715451746768741/182687704666362864775460604089535377456991567872 ≈ 8.26493488947357|
|90 |212332035793683282999557222900529324345722247273336207/23945242826029513411849172299223580994042798784118784 ≈ 8.867399563927963|
|100 |947910991670243462124777286998555372552975304938861435142243/100433627766186892221372630771322662657637687111424552206336 ≈ 9.43818333314629|
|125 |608015317757401639185437860703912760924899470816633938752924894300791073633/56539106072908298546665520023773392506479484700019806659891398441363832832 ≈ 10.753889829339604|
|150 |190113258299326718860778665935245643975429894903922267468819156954626284473855407340988507/15914343565113172548972231940698266883214596825515126958094847260581103904401068017057792 ≈ 11.94603205099115|

It looks like $C(1,m) = C_m/4^m$, where $C_m$ are the
[Catalan numbers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catalan_number).  For large
$m$, $C(1,m) \sim m^{-3/2}/\sqrt\pi$, so $mC(1,m) \sim 1/\sqrt{\pi m}$,
so the sum for the average time before being caught does not converge to
a finite value.

So there must be an infinitesmal probability of staying ahead forever that
is still not small enough for the average time before being to to converge
to a finite value.

### Third approach ###
At each minute, there are 4 possibilities
* I get a green light and my pursuer gets a red light
* I get a red light and my pursuer gets a green light
* We both get red lights
* We both get green lights

If my pursuer is 1 block behind me after $n$ minutes, there is a 1/4
chance that I get caught at $n+1$ minutes.

There are $4^n$ possible ways the $n$ minutes to go.

After $n$ minutes, for my pursuer to be 1 block behind, if we both got
the same signal $n-2k$ times, and got different signals $2k$ times, there
are $n\choose 2k$ ways to combine those.

Of the $n-2k$ times we got the same signal, there are $2^{n-2k}$ ways for
that to happen.

Of the $2k$ times we got different signals, the sequence of red and green
lights that I got must be a Dyck word, where I got an equal number
of red and green lights and the number green lights I got must be greater
than or equal to the number of red lights I got in every initial subsequence.
The number Dyck words is $C_k$, the $k$-th Catalan number.

The possible ways for my pursuer to be 1 block behind after $n$ minutes
is

$$ \sum_{k=0}^{n/2} 2^{n-2k}{n\choose 2k}C_k $$

which somehow (I have not done this calculation) must work out to be
$C_{n+1}$, so the probability that my pursuer is behind by 1 block
after $n$ minutes is $C_{n+1}/4^n$, and the probability that I get
caught after $n+1$ minutes is $C_{n+1}/4^{n+1}$.

Making the rounds
-----------------
The distance from the base to the water line along the bottom side of the
tilted tank must be twice the height of the water line, since the volume
of water up to that height if the tank were upright would be double that.
That means the tilt must be 60°.

The diameter of bottoms is 2√3, so the height of the water level
must be 3, so the volume of the water must be 9𝛑.
