2023-04-21 Riddler Classic
==========================
I don't know if fractions include irrational numbers.  I'll assume not.

In any case, avoid 0 and 1, since 0 with + or - and 1 with × or ÷ reduces
the number of possibilities.

Have each of the 6 numbers have a different number of factors of $b$, for
example $b = 10000000$, such that $b$ is sufficiently large that all the
additions and subtractions will never create a number such that the log
base $b$ of its absolute value, when rounded, will always be the same as
rounded log base $b$ of absolute value of one of the numbers being added
or subtracted.  In addition, have each number have a different prime
factor, so $n_i = p_ib^{m_i}$, where $p_i$ are distinct primes.

Similarly for $m_i$, the number of factors of $b$. $m_i = c^{r_i}$,
where $c$ is sufficiently large, and $r_i$ are distinct integers.

I think these rules mean, excluding the commutativity and associativity of
+ and × and the equivalence of double - to + or double ÷ to ×, all numbers
created for which the original numbers are all distinct should be distinct.

There are the 6 original values.

For the one-operator numbers, there are ${6\choose2} = 15$ values from
each of + and ×, and $2\times{6\choose2} = 30$ values each of - and ÷.

That makes 90 one-operator values.

For two operators, one of the numbers must be an original number, and
one of the number must be a one-operator number.

If the second operator is + or ×, there are 2×4×90=720 values minus the
overlapping values.
$c+(a+b)$ overlaps $a+(b+c)$ and $b+(a+c)$, accounting
for $2\times2\times{6\choose3} = 80$ duplicate values.
$c+(a-b)$ overlaps $a+(c-b)$, accounting for $2\times{6\choose3} = 40$
duplicate values.
That makes 600 more values.

If the second operator is - and ÷, there are 2×2×4×90=1440 values minus the
overlapping values.
$(a+b)-c$ overlaps $(a-c)+b$ (or $(b-c)+a$),
accounting for 40 duplicate values.
$c-(a-b)$ overlaps $(c+b)-a$, duplicating $(c-a)+b$, $(b-a)+c$,
accounting for 80 duplicate values.
$c-(a+b)$ overlaps $(c-a)-b$ and $(c-b)-a$,
accounting for 40 distinct values and 80 duplicate values.
That makes 1240 more values.

That makes 1840 two-operator values.

For three operators, the third operator either combines an original number
with a two-operator number or combines two one-operator numbers.

Working it out by hand would get too complicated, so
using [code](20230421c.hs), I get
6 zero-operator values,
90 one-operator values,
1360 two-operator values (so I probably made some mistake above),
21870 three-operator values,
258432 four-operator values,
and
1639352 five-operator values
for a total of
1921110 distinct values.
