2023-06-30 Riddler
==================
Since the mirror is perfectly circlar, the law of reflection means the 184-gon
must be formed from (parts of) chords that all end at vertices that have the
same angle on the circle.

If all 184 vertices are on the circle, it would be a regular 184-gon with
178 1/23 degree angles.  If all vertices on the circle had 178 degree angles,
it would be a regular 180-gon.  So the 178 degree vertices must be formed
from the beam crossing itself, and they must be concave.

Consider the laser beam making a star polygon.  There would be either 92, 46,
or 23 vertices on the circle.

A 184-gon could be made up of 2 regular 92-gons, one rotated with
respect to the other, but that would require 2 laser beams, so that's ruled
out.  Also, by adjusting the rotation, only every other concave vertex could
be made to be 178 degrees.

If there are 92 vertices on the circle, between each of those vertices is
a 178 degree concave vertex.

If there are 46 vertices on the circle, there are 3 concave vertices between
each of them.

If there are 23 vertices on the circle, there are 7 concave vertices between
each of them.

I don't know if any such star polygons where every other vertex is 178
(or 182) degrees are possible.  In any case, if the laser makes a star polygon
and there are 89 every other vertices measuring 178 degrees, the last 3 would
also measure 178 degrees each.

Perhaps the law of reflection doesn't apply to the laser beam or the perfectly
circular mirror.
