2023-03-31 Riddler Classic
==========================
First, ignore the bold outlined regions, since regions satisfying the
conditions could be retroactively added to solutions without regions.
For example, each region could contain only stars from a single row or
from a single column.

Considering a single row, if neither the left-most square nor the
right-most square has a star, there are 10 half-gaps.  If exactly one
of them has a star, there are 11 half-gaps.  If both, there are 12
half-gaps.  A half-gap needs to line up with a half-gap in the row above
or the row below to make a gap.

If a row has a star in the left-most square or the right-most square, it
must share at least one gap with the row above it and at least one gap
with the row below it.  There must be exactly 5 rows with a star in the
left-most square and exactly 5 rows with a star in the right-most square.

If a row has no stars in the left-most and right-most square, and the
adjacent row also has none, they share no gaps.

If a row has no stars in the left-most and right-most square, and the
adjacent row has exactly one in either the left-most or right-most square,
they share one gap.

If a row has stars in both the left-most and right-most square, it shares
two gaps with each of its adjacent rows.

If a row has a star in the left-most square and an adjacent row has a star
in the right-most square, they share two gaps.

That means there are always two gaps per star on the left or right edge,
unless the star is in a corner.

So, if none of the stars are in a corner, that maximizes the number of gaps
at 20.

And, if there is a star in each corner, that minimizes the number of gaps
at 16.
