2023-06-09 Riddler Express
==========================
I'll assume that the magnetic field has no azimuthal component.

A point on the moon and the point directly opposite have fields that point
in the same direction.

Consider a great circle passing through the landing site.  The field at
any point on the great circle has a component parallel to the great
circle and a component perpendicular to the great circle.  The perpendicular
component points neither toward nor away from the landing site.  The
parallel component, except for some infinitesmal cases, points either
toward or away from the landing site.  The infinitesmal cases, where the
field points neither toward nor away from the form the boundary between
Riddler Nation's claim and the competing nation's claim, which, according
to the agreement, belong to the competing nation.  One such case would be
the the equator, where the field at every point on the equator neither points
toward nor away from any point on the equator.

Every great circle passing throught the landing site, $L$, also passes through
the point opposite the landing site, $L'$.  Consider an arbitrary point $A$.
Let point $A'$ be the point opposite to $A$.  A great circle passing through
$L$ and $A$ also passes through $L'$ and $A'$.

The field at $A$ and the field at $A'$ point in the same direction.  So, if
the field at $A$ points toward $L$, field at $A'$ must point away from $L'$,
and if the field at $A$ points away from $L$, the field at $A'$ must point
toward $L'$.  And, in the infinitesmal cases where the field at $A$ neither
points toward $L$ nor away from $L$, the field at $A'$ neither points toward
$L'$ nor away from $L'$.  Since $L$ and $L'$ are equally likely to be the
landing site, Riddler Nation is expected to claim half the area on average.
