2023-12-08 Fiddler
==================
Making a tree of the probabilities leading to "One away..."
* 2nd in same set as 1st is 3/15
  * 3rd in same set as 1st 2 is 2/14, total 3â‹…2/(15â‹…14)
    * 4th in different set is 12/13, total is 3â‹…2â‹…12/(15â‹…14â‹…13)
  * 3rd in different set is 12/14, total 3â‹…12/(15â‹…14)
    * 4th in same set as 1st 2 is 2/13, total 3â‹…12â‹…2/(15â‹…14â‹…13)
* 2nd in different set is 12/15
  * 3rd in same set as 1st or 2nd is 6/14, total 12â‹…6/(15â‹…14)
    * 4th in same set as 3rd is 2/13, total 12â‹…6â‹…2/(15â‹…14â‹…13)

Adding them up gives 48/455, or about 10.55%.

Extra credit
------------
There are 35 possible sets.

There are 3 possible results of a guess: a set, 3 from 1 set and 1 from the
other, and 2 from each set.

So the best any guess can do is to divide the possibilities into 3 groups,
one of which is the guess, and distributing the remaining possibilities
as evenly as possible between the remaining two groups.  That means it should
roughly take at most $log_2 35$ or 6 guesses.  Being able to guess one of
the possibilities might make it less ($2n+1$ possibilities can become two
groups of $n$ possibilities after a guess).  Having no possible guess that
splits the possibilities evenly might make it more.

Let the words be A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, and the first guess is ABCD.

The first guess splits the possibilities into 16 sets and 18 sets.

Considering the 16 sets after 1 guess, a second guess either splits
the possibilities into 6 and 9, or 8 and 8, depending on whether the guess
is one of the possibilities.

Considering the 18 sets after 1 guess, a second guess either splits the
possibilities into 8 and 9, or 9 and 9.

Considering the 6 from the 16 after 2 guesses, a third guess from the 6
splits the possibilities into 2 and 3.

Considering the 9 from the 16 after 2 guesses, a third guess from the 9
splits the possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the first 8 from 16 after 2 guesses, a third guess from the 8
splits the possibilities into 2 and 5.  Some other third guesses splits the
possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the second 8 from 16 after 2 guesses, a third guess from the 8
splits the possibilities into 2 and 5.  Some other third guesses splits the
possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the 8 from the 18 after 2 guesses.  A third guess from the 8
splits the possibilities into 2 and 5.  Some other third guesses splits
the possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the 9 from the 18 after 2 guesses.  A third guess from the 9
splits the possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the next 9 from the 18 after 2 guesses.  A third guess from the 9
splits the possibilities into 4 and 4.

Considering the last 9 from the 18 after 2 guesses.  A third guess from the 9
splits the possibilities into 4 and 4.

So it looks like 3 guesses can always reduce the number of possible sets
to at most 4, and it takes up to 3 more guesses from there.

So it would take at most 6 guesses to determine the last 2 sets.

Making the rounds
-----------------
Let the radius of the larger circle be 1.

The radius of the of the smaller circle is 1/âˆš2.

The area of the triangle is 1/2.

The area of quarter of the larger circle is ğœ‹/4, so the middle
area is ğœ‹/4-1/2.

The area of half of the smaller circle ğœ‹/4, so the area of the
crescent is 1/2.

So the ratio is 1.
