2022-02-11 Riddler Express
==========================
The smallest triply trapezoidal number would need to satisfy three of
```
  n = 2a + 1
  n = 3b + 3
  n = 4c + 6
  n = 5d + 10
```
The first must be odd and greater than or equal to 3.

The second must be a multiple of 3 and greater than or equal to 6.

The third must be even and greater than or equal to 10.  It can't be satisfied
by numbers satisfying the first two.

The fourth must be a multiple of 5 and greater than or equal to 15.

Try n = 15,
```
  15 = 7 + 8
  15 = 4 + 5 + 6
  15 = 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5
```

Extra Credit
------------
For quadruply trapezoidal, consider
```
  n = 6e + 15
```
which must be an odd multiple of 3 and greater than or equal to 21.  It's
always a multiple of 3.  It can be a multiple 5 if e is a multiple of 5.
Trying e = 5,
```
  45 = 22 + 23
  45 = 14 + 15 + 16
  45 =  7 +  8 +  9 + 10 + 11
  45 =  5 +  6 +  7 +  8 +  9 + 10
```

For quintuply trapezoidal, consider
```
  n = 7f + 21
```
which must be a multiple of 7 and greater than or equal to 28.  It can be a
multiple of 3 if f is a multiple of 3.  It can be an odd multiple of 3 if f
is an even multiple of 3.  It can be a multiple of 5 if f+3 is a multiple
of 5.  Trying f = 12,
```
  105 = 52 + 53
  105 = 34 + 35 + 36
  105 = 19 + 20 + 21 + 22 + 23
  105 = 15 + 16 + 17 + 18 + 19 + 20
  105 = 12 + 13 + 14 + 15 + 16 + 17 + 18
```
For quadruply trapezoidal, forgo being a multiple of 5 and try f = 6,
```
  63 = 6 + 7 + 8 + 9 + 10 + 11 + 12
```
which is bigger than 45.

For sextuply trapezoidal, consider
```
  n = 8g + 28
  n = 9h + 36
```
The first must be even and is not worth considering.

The second must be a multiple of 9 and greater than or equal to 45.
It's a multiple of 3.  It can be a
multiple of 5 if h+4 is a multiple of 5.  It can be a multiple of 7 if
h+4 is a multiple of 7.  Trying h = 31,
```
  315 = 157 + 158
  315 = 104 + 105 + 106
  315 =  61 +  62 +  63 + 64 + 65
  315 =  50 +  51 +  52 + 53 + 54 + 55
  315 =  42 +  43 +  44 + 45 + 46 + 47 + 48
  315 =  31 +  32 +  33 + 34 + 35 + 36 + 37 + 38 + 39
```
For quintuply trapezoidal, forgo multiples of 7 and try h = 1,
```
  45 = 22 + 23
  45 = 14 + 15 + 16
  45 =  7 +  8 +  9 + 10 + 11
  45 =  5 +  6 +  7 +  8 +  9 + 10
  45 =  1 +  2 +  3 +  4 +  5 +  6 + 7 + 8 + 9
```
which is less than 105, and since h = 1, it must be the smallest that
is the sum of 9 consective numbers.

Next, consider
```
 n = 10j + 45
```
which must be an odd multiple of 5 and greater than or equal to 55.
It can be a multiple of 3 if j is a multiple of 3, and must be an odd
multiple of 3.  It can be multiple of 9 if j is a multiple of 9.  Forgo
multiples of 7 and try j = 9,
```
  135 = 67 + 68
  135 = 44 + 45 + 46
  135 = 25 + 26 + 27 + 28 + 29
  135 = 20 + 21 + 22 + 23 + 24 + 25
  135 = 11 + 12 + 13 + 14 + 15 + 16 + 17 + 18 + 19
  135 =  9 + 10 + 11 + 12 + 13 + 14 + 15 + 16 + 17 + 18
```
which is less than 315 as a sextuply trapezoidal number.

It can be a multiple of 7 is 2j+9 is a multiple of 7.  It seems
unfruitful to consider these, just like it's unfruitful to consider
sums of 4 consecutive numbers.

Next, consider
```
  n = 11k + 55
```
which must be a multiple of 11 and greater than or equal to 66.  It can be
odd if k is odd.  It can be a multiple of 3 if k+5 is a multiple of 3.  It
can be a sum of 4 consecutive numbers if 11k+49 is a multiple of 4.  It
can be a multiple of 5 is k+5 is a multiple of 5.  It can be an odd multiple
of 3 is k+5 is an odd multiple of 3.  It can be a multiple of 7 is k+5 is
a multiple of 7.  It can be a sum of 8 consecutive numbers if 11k+27 is a
multiple of 8.  It can be a a multiple of 9 if k+5 is a multiple of 9.  It
can be an odd multiple of 5 is k+5 is an odd multiple of 5.

For n < 135, k < 8, and I don't think 5 of the above conditions can be
satisfied with k < 8.

Next, consider
```
  n = 12l + 66
```
which must be an odd multiple of 6 and greater than or equal to 78.  I
don't think it's worth considering to make a sextuply trapezoidal number
less than 135.

Next, consider
```
  n = 13m + 78
```
which must be a multiple of 13 and greater than or equal to 91.  For n < 135,
m < 5.  m=3, giving n=117 can be quintuply trapezoidal by being odd, a multiple
of 3, an odd multiple of 3, and a multiple of 9, but m needs to be too much
bigger to be sextuply trapezoidal.

Next, consider
```
  n = 14m + 91
```
which must be an odd multiple of 7 and greater than or equal to 105.
Since 105 is odd, a multiple of 3, a multiple of 5, an odd multiple of 3,
a multiple of 7, and an odd multiple of 5, that makes it sextuply trapezoidal,
and also 7-times trapezoidal.
```
  105 = 52 + 53
  105 = 34 + 35 + 36
  105 = 19 + 20 + 21 + 22 + 23
  105 = 15 + 16 + 17 + 18 + 19 + 20
  105 = 12 + 13 + 14 + 15 + 16 + 17 + 18
  105 =  6 +  7 +  8 +  9 + 10 + 11 + 12 + 13 + 14 + 15
  105 =  1 +  2 +  3 +  4 +  5 +  6 +  7 +  8 +  9 + 10 + 11 + 12 + 13 + 14
```

In summary,

|trapezoidal|minimum|
|-----------|-------|
|3          | 15    |
|4          | 45    |
|5          | 45    |
|6          | 105   |
