2022-11-18 Riddler Classic
==========================
When rolling a single die, there is no single most likely sum (SMLS), so the
smallest SMLS is 5 when rolling 2 d4.  1-4 are never the SMLS.

When rolling 2 dice, if they are the same, with $n$ sides, the SMLS is $n+1$.
If they are not the same, if the smaller die has $n$ sides, then $n+1$
and $n+2$ and maybe more depending on the larger die, have the most likely
sum, and there is no SMLS.  That means 5, 7, 9, 13, and 21 can be a SMLS.

When rolling pairs of dice, the SMLS is the sum of the SMLS of each pair.
(There must be some proof of this.)  So nonzero sums of multiples of 5, 7,
9, 13, and 21 can be a SMLS, which means every whole number greater than or
equal to 12 can be a SMLS.

Using [code](20221118c.hs), there are no 3-dice combinations with a SMLS,
but with 4 dice, the SMLS of d4+d4+d4+d6 is 11.

That means the whole numbers that cannot be a single most likely sum are
1, 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8.

Further thoughts
----------------
Consider rolling a group of dice, that results in sums $s$ with probabilities
$p(s)$ plus a pair of $n$-sided dice.  Note that $p = 0$ for impossible sums.

The resulting probabilities are $p_{+2}(s) = \frac{1}{n^2}p(s-2) + \frac{2}{n^2}p(s-3) + \frac{3}{n^2}p(s-4) + \ldots + \frac{n}{n^2}p(s-n-1) + \ldots + \frac{2}{n^2}p(s-2n+1) + \frac{1}{n^2}p(s-2n)$.

If $p(s)$ has a single maximum at $s_m$ and
$p(s_m+i+1) = p(s_m-1-i) \le p(s_m+i) = p(s_m-i)$ for all $i \ge 0$, then
$p_{+2}(s)$ has a single maximum at $s_m+n+1$, and
$p_{+2}(s_m+n+1+i+1) = p_{+2}(s_m+n+1-i-1) \le p_{+2}(s_m+n+1+i) = p_{+2}(s_m+n+1-i)$
for all $i \ge 0$.  That means a group a dice consisting of pairs has a
SMLS that is the sum of the SMLSs of each pair.
