2022-09-09 Riddler Classic
==========================
First, consider having 4 circles covering the 4 corners, with radius $r$,
and $\theta$ being the angle between the side of the square and the center
of the circle at the corner.

Each circle will cover $2r\cos\theta$ of one edge and $2r\sin\theta$ of
the other edge.  To have the 4 circles cover the edges, with the middle
covered by the 5th circle, $2r\cos\theta + 2r\sin\theta = 1$, or
$\sin(\theta+\pi/4) =  1/2r\sqrt2$, so
$\theta = \sin^{-1}(1/2r\sqrt2) - \pi/4$.  So, in order to cover the
edges with 4 circles, $r \ge 1/2\sqrt2 = \sqrt2/4$, which is also enough
cover the square without the 5th circle, so there's no point in continuing
this line of thought.

Next, consider having 2 circles cover the bottom edge, with the remaining 3
covering the top edge.  Let $r$ be the radius, and $\theta$ be the angle
between the bottom edge of the square and the center of the nearest bottom
circle at a bottom corner.  If each bottom circle covers half of the bottom
edge, then $2r\cos\theta = 1/2$, or $\theta = \cos^{-1}(1/4r)$, so
$r \ge 1/4$ to cover the bottom edge, which makes sense.

The bottom circles will also cover the bottom $2r\sin\theta$ of the side
edges, which is
$2r\sqrt{1-\cos^2\theta} = 2r\sqrt{1-1/16r^2} = \frac12\sqrt{16r^2-1}$.
So, in order for the side edges to be covered,
$2r + \frac12\sqrt{16r^2-1} \ge 1$, or
$16r^2-1 \ge (2-4r)^2 = 4 + 16r^2 - 16r$, or $r \ge 5/16$.

The upper side circles must cover the upper $1-\frac12\sqrt{16r^2-1}$ of the
side edges.  Let $h = 1-\frac12\sqrt{16r^2-1}$.  Then, each upper side
circle covers $2\sqrt{r^2-h^2/4}$ of the top edge.

Finally, the middle top circle can be a little higher, with its bottom $h$
from the top of the square, so it covers $2\sqrt{r^2-(h-r)^2}$ of the top
edge.

For the top edge to be covered, $4\sqrt{r^2-h^2/4}+2\sqrt{2rh-h^2} \ge 1$,
which is when $r$ is greater than approximately 0.46, which more than
$\sqrt2/4$, so there is no point in continuing this line of thought.

I'm starting to think that you can't do better than $r = \sqrt2/4$.  Consider
the optimized 4 circles.  Moving a circle further from the center means
moving another closer to the center to fill the center and adding a circle
on the edge is asymmetrical, thus not allowing room for a bigger square.
And using the 5th circle to fill in the center, the first scenario considered,
also does not work.

In order to incrementally allow a bigger square from the optimal 4 circles,
let one of the circles, say the upper left, remain in place.  Rotate the two
adjacent circles, the upper right and lower left, around the points where
they intersect the square and the upper left circle.  That allows the upper
right and lower left corners to move right and down while remaining in their
circles.  The lower right circle then has to move down and right to keep the
remaining corner.  This opens up the center, the middle of the right edge,
and the middle of the bottom edge, which cannot be covered with less than
additional 2 circles, but it looks like 2 additional circles could do it.

Extra credit
------------
If the radius is $r$, the upper left and lower right circles cover
$2r\sqrt2$ of each edge.

If the upper right and lower left circles cover the remainder of the
upper and left edges, $h = 1 - 2r\sqrt2$, then they cover
$2\sqrt{r^2-h^2/4}$ of the right and bottom edges.

Then, one circle needs to cover the hole in the center and the hole around
the middle of the bottom edge.  If that can be done, another circle certainly
can cover the hole around the middle of the right edge.

Let $a = 1/2 - 2r\sqrt2$ and $b = 1/2 - 2\sqrt{r^2-h^2/4}$.  To cover the
gap in the bottom edge, the center of circle would have to be no more than
$\sqrt{r^2 - (a+b)^2/4}$ above the bottom edge, so the top of the circle
would be $r + \sqrt{r^2 - (a+b)^2/4}$ above the bottom edge, but displaced
horizontally by $|a-b|$ from the center, which is where the top the center
hole is, $1/2 + a$ above the bottom edge.  So the circle would would reach
up to $\sqrt{r^2 - (a-b)^2} + \sqrt{r^2 - (a+b)^2/4}$ on the center line,
giving $\sqrt{r^2 - (a-b)^2} + \sqrt{r^2 - (a+b)^2/4} \ge 1/2 + a$.
