2022-01-28 Riddler Express
==========================
Using [code](20220128x.hs), 89 squares will be shaded in generation 10.

Extra credit
------------
Looking at the output of the code, generation 3M-2 has 4M more squares
that generation 3M-3, generation 3M-1 has 4M more squares than
generation 3M-2, and generation 3M has 4M more squares than generation
3M-1.

So generation 3M has 12M more squares than generation 3M-3, which works
out to 6M²+6M+1 squares if there are 13 squares when M=1.

Then, substituting M=N/3, that's 2N²/3+2N+1 squares, which is too small
by 4/3 when N is not a multiple of 3 and is exact when N is a multiple
of 3.  But for very large N, 2N²/3 is the first order approximation.

It feels wrong not considering the actual mechanism or geometry of the
problem.

Additional thoughts
-------------------
Considering the squares directly above the center, odd generations add
another square above the highest one, and even generations add squares
just to the left and right of the highest square.

For odd generations, the shaded squares are contained by a N+2⨉N+2
square.  For even generations, it's the same square, N+1⨉N+1.  So
an approximate upper bound is N².

Visually, looking at the sequence, it looks like it approaches a
regular octagon with a circumscribing diameter of approximately N, which
has an area of N²/√2, which is a bit more than 2N²/3.
```
 #
##

O#
##

  O
 ##
O##

 O#
O##
###

   O
 O##
 ###
O###

  O#
 ###
O###
####

    O
  O##
 O###
 ####
O####

   O#
 O###
 ####
O####
#####

     O
   O##
  ####
 O####
 #####
O#####

    O#
  O###
 O####
 #####
O#####
######

      O
    O##
  O####
  #####
 O#####
 ######
O######

     O#
   O###
  #####
 O#####
 ######
O######
#######

       O
     O##
   O####
  O#####
  ######
 O######
 #######
O#######
```
It also looks like every 3rd generation adds 4 shaded squares on the 45°
lines from the center, while every 2nd generation adds 4 shaded squares
on the vertical and horizontal lines from the center.  So the extent of
the shade along the vertical and horizontal lines grows by 1 per generation,
while it grows by 2√2/3 per generation along the diagonal lines, which is
less than 1 per generation, so it doesn't seem to be approaching a regular
octagon.  Since it would be smaller than a regular octagon, then the
result of 2N²/3, which is smaller than N²/√2, would be consistent with that.

I'm not getting something, because it certainly seems to me that the vertical
and horizontal vertices, as well the diagonal vertices, are 135°, making a
regular octagon.
