2022-07-15 Riddler Classic
==========================
There are three pairs of opposing faces.

* All three pairs have parallel marks
  There are two unique configurations
  * One in which a pair is parallel with another pair
  * One in which each pair is perpendicular to every other pair
* All three pairs have perpendicular marks
  There are two mirror image configurations, since there is always a
  way for the mark on bottom face to be from front to back and the
  mark on the front face to be vertical
  * The mark on the face on the left can be horizontal
  * The mark on the face on the left can be vertical
* Two pairs have perpendicular marks and one pair has parallel marks
  There is one unique configuration
* Two pairs have parallel marks and one pair has perpendicular marks
  There three configurations
  * The parallel marks are parallel to faces of the perpendicular pair.
  * The parallel marks are perpendicular to faces of the perpendicular pair.
  * The marks of one parallel pair is parallel to the faces of the
    perpendicular pair, the other is perpendicular

That makes 8 unique ways to mark the die.

Extra credit
------------
Not sure whether this means a face has either a parallel or diagonal
mark, making two unique ways a single face can be marked, or if this
means a face either has one parallel mark or two marks (one parallel
and one diagonal), making three unique ways a single face can be
marked.

It seems like the intended interpretation is that each face has two
marks, a parallel and a diagonal, so there are two unique ways a
single face can be marked.

Rather than going through the exercise of enumerating the unique
configurations again and then figuring out their unique rotations,
I'll write some [code](20220715c.hs).

There are 6, 2, 4, 4, 24, 6, 6, and 12 unique rotations of the 8
unique configurations of parallel marks.  It's the same for the
diagonal marks, since there is one unique face with two rotations in
both cases.  I originally thought that that would make 512 unique
configurations with both marks, but the code says there are 224 unique
configurations.  I had failed to consider that some of the rotations
between unique rotations of one set of marks might leave the other set
of marks invariant.

The case of a face having either a parallel or diagonal mark turns out
to be the same as a face having both, since, in both cases, there are
two unique faces, each with two unique rotations.

The case of a face having either a parallel mark or a parallel mark
and a diagonal mark means there are three unique faces, each with two
unique rotations, and my code is too slow to count the unique
configurations.

Further thoughts
----------------
Looking into combining the configuration with two unique rotations
(each pair is perpendicular) with other configurations, my erroneous
reasoning would be that there are 16 unique combinations, but the code
says are 12 unique combinations, since with 4 of them, there is only
one unique way to combine the marks.  That is because those 4
configurations with the diagonal marks are invariant under the
rotations that switch the parallel marks between their two unique
rotations.  I'm not sure how to turn this realization into reasoning
about how many unique combinations two unique configurations can make.
Two unique configurations can combine with 24 different rotations
relative to each other, but most of them are not unique.  It probably
involves tabulating the rotational symmetries of each of the 8 unique
configurations and then, for each of the 8, seeing how the symmetry
interacts with the symmetry of each of the 8.  I'll just accept the
output of the code.
