2022-08-05 Riddler Classic
==========================
Let $p(i,j)$ be the probability than pin $i,j$ is knocked over.

Let the top pin be $1,1$, the pins behind the top pin be $1,2$ and
$2,2$, and the pins behind those be $1,3$, $2,3$, and $3,3$.

The bottommost pin is $1,2N-1$.

Let $s$ be the bowler's strength.  $s=1/2$ for Magritte.  $s=7/10$ for Fosse.

$$ p(1,1) = 1 $$

For $1 \le j \le N$, let $p(0,j) = 0$, $p(j+1,j) = 0$,

$$ p(i,j+1) = sp(i-1,j) + sp(i,j) - s^2p(i-1,j)p(i,j) $$

For $N < j \le 2N-1$,

$$ p(i,j+1) = sp(i,j) + sp(i+1,j) - s^2p(i,j)p(i+1,j) $$

and

$$ p(1,2N-1) = sp(1,2N-2) + sp(2,2N-2) - s^2p(1,2N-2)p(2,2N-2) $$

Then, by row
1. 1
2. $s$
3. $s^2$, $s^2 (2-s^2)$
4. $s^3$, $s^3 (3 - s^2 - 2s^3 + s^5)$
5. $s^4$, $s^4 (4 - s^2 - 2s^3 - 3s^4 + s^5 + s^6 + 2s^7 - s^9)$,
   $s^4 (3 - s^2 - 2s^3 + s^5 + (1-s^4(3 - s^2 - 2s^3 + s^5))(3 - s^2 - 2s^3 + s^5)$

Let $p(i,j) = \sum_k c(i,j,k)s^k$.

For $1 < j \le N$,

$$ \sum_k c(i,j+1,k)s^k = s\sum_k c(i-1,j,k)s^k + s\sum_k c(i,j,k)s^k - s^2\sum_l \sum_m c(i-1,j,l)c(i,j,m)s^{l+m} $$

For $N < j \le 2N-1$,

$$ \sum_k c(i,j,k)s^k = s\sum_k c(i,j,k)s^k + s\sum_k c(i+1,j,k)s^k - s^2\sum_l \sum_m c(i,j,l)c(i+1,j,m)s^{l+m} $$

Using [code](20220805c.hs) to calculate $p(1,2N-1)$ for $s=1/2$ and $s=7/10$,

|$N$|$p(s=1/2)$|$p(s=7/10)$|$p$|
|---|----------|-----------|---|
|1  |100%      |100%       |$1$|
|2  |43.75%    |73.99%     |$2s^2-s^4$|
|3  |29.14%    |72.78%     |$6s^4-2s^6-4s^7-9s^8+2s^9+6s^{10}+12s^{11}-s^{12}-10s^{13}-4s^{14}+2s^{15}+4s^{16}-s^{18}$|
|4  |22.18%    |75.17%     | |
|5  |18.05%    |77.62%     | |
|6  |15.28%    |79.35%     | |
|7  |13.29%    |80.39%     | |

It looks like $p(s=1/2)$ decreases as $N$ increases for $N < 8$.

It also looks like $p(s=7/10)$ increases as $N$ increases when $N > 3$ for
$N < 8$.

One easy to calculate upper limit when $s=7/10$ is that there is a 9% chance
that neither pin in the second row gets knocked down.

Similarly, if both pins in the row just above the bottom get knocked over,
there is still a 9% chance that the bottom pin still stands.

Putting the 91% chance of getting to the 3rd row from the top and the upper
limit of 91% chance of getting past the 2nd from the bottom, gives an upper
limit of 82.81% for $s=7/10$.

In other words, there is a $1-(1-s)^2$ chance that the first pin knocks down
at least one of the pins below it, and a upper limit of $1-(1-s)^2$ that
the last pin gets knocked down, for a total upper limit of $(1-(1-s)^2)^2$.
For $s=1/2$, the upper limit is 56.25%.

Looking at various values of $s$,

|s   |p(N=500)|p(N=1000)|p(N=2000)|
|----|--------|---------|---------|
|0.4 |4e-99   |4e-196   |0        |
|0.5 |0.25%   |0.13%    |0.065%   |
|0.51|7.689%  |7.689%   |7.689%   |
|0.6 |55.56%  |55.56%   |55.56%   |
|0.7 |81.63%  |81.63%   |81.63%   |
|0.8 |93.75%  |93.75%   |93.75%   |
|0.9 |98.77%  |98.77%   |98.77%   |

I note that when $s=0.8$ and $s=0.9$, the result exceeds the upper limit
of $(1-(1-s)^2)^2$.  The problem with that upper limit reasoning is that
the actual $p_j$ already includes the probability of failing in the second
row, and setting it to $1-(1-s)^2$ while using $p_{j-1} = 1$ just doesn't
work.  I don't really have an intuitive grasp of why it doesn't work.

It also looks like if $s \le 1/2$, $p\rightarrow0$ as $N\rightarrow\infty$.

Anyhow, it looks like Magritte's chance of knocking down the last pin
goes to 0, while Fosse's chance is about 81.63%.

Solution
--------
Consider the bottom half of the rhombus.  Let $s$ be the bowler's
strength, 1/2 for Magritte, 7/10 for Fosse, and let $p_{i,j}$
be the probability that the $i$th pin in the $j$th row is knocked
over.

    $$ p_{i,j+1} = sp_{i,j} + sp_{i+1,j} - s^2p_{i,j}p_{i+1,j} $$

This is iterated over many rows.  The fixed points are
$p = 0$ and $p = (2s-1)/s^2$, the solutions of $p = 2sp - s^2p^2$.

Let $p_{i,j} = (2s-1)/s^2 + \delta_{i,j}$,

    $$ \delta_{i,j+1} = \frac{s^3-2s+1}{s^2} (\delta_{i,j} + \delta_{i+1,j}) + \frac{2s-1}{s^2} \delta_{i,j}\delta_{i+1,j} $$

When $1/2 < s < 1$, $\delta$ should converge to 0 as $j$ increases.

The probability of knocking down the bottom pin approaches $(2s-1)/s^2$,
which is 0 for Magritte and 40/49 for Fosse.

One more thought
----------------
When $s = 1/2$, $p_{j+1}$ is essentially averaging $p_j$, the row above it.
That means $p$ for the bottom pin is the average $p$ for the middle row
pins.  However, in the upper half of the rhombus, the edges mean a zero
is averaged in for each row, so, for the middle row, the average
$p \approx 1/N$, and the bottom pin would have $p \approx 1/N$, which
goes to 0 as $N\rightarrow\infty$.
