2022-02-11 Riddler Classic
==========================
Based on the wording in the extra credit, I assume the 8 primes are distinct,
ruling out the trivial solutions of all 8 numbers being the same number.

Call the 8 prime numbers p₀₀₀, p₀₀₁, p₀₁₀, p₀₁₁, p₁₀₀, p₁₀₁, p₁₁₀, and p₁₁₁,
where the subscript is the cartesian coordinates of a vertex of a unit
cube centered at (½,½,½).

The face sums are
```
  p₀₀₀ + p₀₀₁ + p₀₁₀ + p₀₁₁
  p₁₀₀ + p₁₀₁ + p₁₁₀ + p₁₁₁
  p₀₀₀ + p₀₀₁ + p₁₀₀ + p₁₀₁
  p₀₁₀ + p₀₁₁ + p₁₁₀ + p₁₁₁
  p₀₀₀ + p₀₁₀ + p₁₀₀ + p₁₁₀
  p₀₀₁ + p₀₁₁ + p₁₀₁ + p₁₁₁
```

None of the numbers can be 2, since half the sums would be even and half
the sums would be odd.

Let p₀₀₀ be the smallest number.

As the opposite vertex, p₁₁₁ shares no faces with p₀₀₀, while every other
vertex shares 2 faces with one of them and 1 face with the other.  So, let
p₁₁₁ be the 2nd smallest number.

Since p₀₀₁ shares 2 vertices with p₀₀₀ and 1 vertex with p₁₁₁, let p₀₀₁
be the 8th smallest number, and p₁₁₀ as its opposite be the 7th smallest.

Let one of p₀₁₀ and p₁₀₁ be the 6th smallest and the other be
the 5th smallest.

Let one of p₁₀₀ and p₀₁₁ be the 3rd smallest and the other be
the 4th smallest.

Using the ordinal position of each number for the faces
```
  1   | 8   | 6/5 | 4/3
  3/4 | 5/6 | 7   | 2
  1   | 8   | 3/4 | 5/6
  6/5 | 4/3 | 7   | 2
  1   | 6/5 | 3/4 | 7
  8   | 4/3 | 5/6 | 2
```
Matching the 1st and 3rd faces, the difference between the 3rd and 4th numbers
has to be the same as the difference between the 5th and 6th numbers.

Matching the 1st and 6th faces, the difference between the 1st and 2nd numbers
has to be the same as the difference between the 5th and 6th numbers.

Matching the 1st and 5th faces, the difference between the 7th and 8th numbers
has to be the same as the difference between the 3rd and 4th numbers.

Matching the 2nd and 4th faces is the same as matching the 1st and 3rd faces.

Matching the 2nd and 6th faces, the difference between the 7th and 8th numbers
has to the same as the difference between the 3rd and 4th numbers.

So the differences between all opposing vertices have to be the same.

That means the ordinal positions of the numbers on each face have to add up
to the same number, 18.
```
  1   | 8   | 6   | 3
  4   | 5   | 7   | 2
  1   | 8   | 4   | 5
  6   | 3   | 7   | 2
  1   | 6   | 4   | 7
  8   | 3   | 5   | 2
```

Try 2 for the difference, using the smallest primes possible:
3, 5, 11, 13, 17, 19, 29, 31.

The faces are
```
   3 + 31 + 19 + 11 = 64
  13 + 17 + 29 +  5 = 64
   3 + 31 + 13 + 17 = 64
  19 + 11 + 29 +  5 = 64
   3 + 19 + 13 + 29 = 64
  31 + 11 + 17 +  5 = 64
```

Extra credit
------------
Swapping pairs of primes for larger pairs of primes also separated by 2,
we can find any number of sets of primes that can be arranged into equal
face sums.

We could also use pairs of primes separated by more than 2, such as 4:
3, 7, 13, 17, 19, 23, 37, 41, with a face sum of 80.

Overlapping pairs separated by 8, the ordinal designations mean the order
in the sequence rather than the natural order:
3, 11, 5, 13, 23, 31, 29, 37, with a face sum of 76.
