2022-08-26 Riddler Classic
==========================
Since the highway is long, I assume that there will never be the case
where a car will switch to be behind a slower car that is so far ahead
that the car would reach its destination sooner by switching lanes.

Also, since the highway is long, I'll assume the cars have already formed
into $M$ groups before reaching the entry point to the second lane.  At
the entry point, the lead car of each group will never switch lanes.  Every
other car in the group would prefer to go faster than the lead car.  Also,
every group beyond the entry point in both lanes are going faster than the
lead car, so every other car after the leader in the group will always
switch lanes, which will form in to a number of groups.  The groups faster
than the slowest group already in the second lane will eventually merge with
that slowest group, while the slower groups will become new groups.

That means there will be $M$ singletons left in the original lane, and $N-M$
cars in the second lane.  The slowest car will end up in the original lane,
but every other car could end up in either lane.

If $N$ cars form $M = H_N$ groups on average then I would posit that $N-M$
cars would form $\psi(N-M+1) + \gamma$ groups, where $H_N$ is the $N$th
harmonic number, $\psi$ is the digamma function, and $\gamma$ is the
Euler-Mascheroni constant.  I don't know how to prove that.

So my guess is $H_N + \psi(N-H_N+1) + \gamma$.  It's wrong, since if $N=2$,
there will always be two groups, but $H_2 + \psi(3-H_2) + \gamma$ is closer
to 2.11.

If $N=3$, if there are 3 groups before the second lane, there will be 3 groups
after.  If there are 2 groups before the second lane, then there will 3 groups
after.  If there is 1 group before the second lane, then there will be either
2 groups after if the fastest car is 3rd and 3 groups if the fastest car is
2nd.  Looking at all 6 possibilities, 4 end up in 3 groups and 2 end up in 2
groups, for an average 8/3 groups.
