2022-05-27 Riddler Classic
==========================
I'll assume the king is a point particle, or at least has zero size in the
non-vertical directions.

Let my position be (0,t).  Let the king's position be (Rsinğœƒ,t+Rcosğœƒ) where
R = 10m, and ğœƒ is initially zero.  When ğœƒ = ğœ‹/4, the king is able to avoid
being cornered, and I will have moved t.  The minimum side length of the
courtyard would be 2R + t(ğœ‹/4)âˆš2.

At all times, we move at the same speed,
```
  (Rcosğœƒ dğœƒ/dt)Â² + (1 - Rsinğœƒ dğœƒ/dt)Â² = 1
  (R dğœƒ/dt)Â² + 1 - 2Rsinğœƒ dğœƒ/dt = 1

  R/2 dğœƒ/dt = sinğœƒ

  t = R/2 (ln|cosecğœƒ - cotğœƒ| - ln|cosec0 - cot0|)
```
This seems to say that if I move straight at the king, the king can only
move straight away from me, making the minimum size of the courtyard infinite.

Let the king's position be (t,R).  Then, the square of the distance between
us would be
```
  tÂ² + (R - t)Â² = 2tÂ² - 2Rt + RÂ²
```
which, for small t, is less than RÂ², so if I move straight at the king, it's
not possible for the king to sidestep by moving perpendicularly.

Let the king's position be (tsinğ›¼,R+tcosğ›¼) where ğ›¼ is a constant.  The
square of the distance between us would be
```
  (tsinğ›¼)Â² + (R+t(-1+cosğ›¼))Â² =
  tÂ²sinÂ²ğ›¼ + RÂ² + 2Rt(-1+cosğ›¼) + tÂ²(1 - 2cosğ›¼ + cosÂ²ğ›¼) =
  2tÂ²(1-cosğ›¼) - 2Rt(1-cosğ›¼) + RÂ²
```
which is less than RÂ² when t is small unless ğ›¼ = 0, so it's not possible
for the king to sidestep if I move straight towards the king.

If the king has a radius r and maintains a distance of at least r+R,
the calculations don't change.

So I don't see how there can be a minimum size of the courtyard, unless I
know that the king starts some finite distance more than 10m away from me.

Suppose the king is initially R+r away, then, if the king initially moves
perpendicularly, the square of the distance between us is
```
  tÂ² + (R + r - t)Â² =
  2tÂ² - 2(R+r)t + (R+r)Â² =
  2tÂ² - 2(R+r)t + rÂ² + 2rR + RÂ²
```
solve for t = tâ‚€ when this distance drops to R,
```
   2tâ‚€Â² - 2(R+r)tâ‚€ + rÂ² + 2rR = 0
```
Then let sinğœƒâ‚€ = tâ‚€/R, and then
```
  t = R/2 (ln(cosec(ğœ‹/4) - cot(ğœ‹/4)) - ln(cosecğœƒâ‚€ - cotğœƒâ‚€))
    = R/2 ln((âˆš2-1)/(cosecğœƒâ‚€ - cotğœƒâ‚€))
    = R/2 ln((âˆš2-1) tâ‚€/(R - âˆš(RÂ²-tâ‚€Â²)))
```
so the minimum side length is
```
  2R + R/âˆš2 ln((âˆš2-1) (tâ‚€/(R - âˆš(RÂ²-tâ‚€Â²))))
```
When r is small, tâ‚€ is approximately r, and the minimum side length is
approximately
```
  2R + R/âˆš2 ln((âˆš2-1) r/(R - âˆš(RÂ²-rÂ²)))
```
which is approximately
```
  2R + R/âˆš2 ln((âˆš2-1) 2R/r)
```
And if that is the side length and if I head directly at a corner, then
the area in which the king cannot escape being spotted is approximately
2Rğœƒâ‚€r/2, which is approximately rÂ², so my chance of spotting the king is
approximately
```
  k = rÂ²/((2R + R/âˆš2 ln((âˆš2-1) 2R/r))Â² - ğœ‹RÂ²)
```
which is approximately
```
  k = (r/(2R ln((âˆš2-1) 2R/r)))Â²
```
when r is small.
```
  âˆšk = r/2R 1/ln((âˆš2-1) 2R/r)

  (âˆš2-1) 2R/r = exp(r/2R 1/âˆšk)

  r/2R = âˆšk Wâ‚€((âˆš2-1)/âˆšk)
```
where Wâ‚€ is the Lambert function.  And for small k, we can approximate
```
  r/2R = âˆšk ln((âˆš2-1)/âˆšk)
```
and the side length of the courtyard is approximately
```
  2R + R/âˆš2 ln((âˆš2-1)/âˆšk 1/ln((âˆš2-1)/âˆšk))
```
where R = 10m and k is my chance of spotting the king.

|k    |side length|
|-----|-----------|
|1e-10|78m        |
|1e-20|155m       |
|1e-30|233m       |
|1e-40|312m       |
|1e-50|392m       |
